A Minecraft Movie Limited Edition Steelbook (4K Blu-ray) $38 | Releases June 24 A Minecraft Movie: Collector's Crafting Table Edition (Walmart Exclusive) $35 | Releases June 24 A Minecraft Movie (4K Blu-ray) $30 | Releases June 24 Minecraft fans will be able to watch the wildly popular film adaptation from the comfort of their couches soon. Though preorders for the various Blu-ray editions have been available since the film hit theaters on April 4, the home video release dates weren't announced until May 7. But we now know that A Minecraft Movie releases in digital format on May 13, and the 4K Blu-ray release will follow on June 24. You can preorder the digital version on Prime Video for $25. Multiple physical editions are up for grabs, including A Minecraft Movie's Limited Edition Steelbook on 4K Blu-ray and Walmart's exclusive (and very cool) Crafting Table Edition on 1080p Blu-ray. A Minecraft Movie pulled in mixed reviews from critics, but it has proven to be a massive hit with audiences across the globe. The family-friendly film starring Jack Black, Jason Momoa, and Jennifer Coolidge is closing in on $900 million at the box office. A Minecraft Movie's Limited Edition Steelbook is available to preorder at Amazon and Walmart for $38. The steelbook case features a bunch of Minrecraft characters on the front and back covers, while the interior design showcases the Creepers from the film. Inside the case, you'll find two disc slots for the 4K Blu-ray and 1080p versions of the movie. You'll also get a voucher that you can redeem for the digital version. The bonus features will provide fans with a closer look at how the blocky video game made the jump to the big screen. Here's a list of bonus features included with A Minecraft Movie. These bonus features will be found on all Blu-ray versions of the film: A Minecraft Movie Special Features This Walmart-exclusive edition of A Minecraft Movie looks pretty awesome. Available to preorder now for $35, the Collector's Crafting Table Edition features foldable packaging that creates the iconic Crafting Table from the game/film. It has magnets to keep the box together, and the two discs are stored in the "walls" (sleeves) of the decorative display box. The only downside to this unique edition of A Minecraft Movie is that it doesn't include a 4K Blu-ray version of the film. That said, it does include standard Blu-ray, DVD, and Digital versions of the movie. A Minecraft Movie is also available in standard edition format on 4K Blu-ray, Blu-ray, and DVD. The standard edition 4K Blu-ray includes a digital copy, but unlike with the Steelbook, you will not get the 1080p Blu-ray disc. Likewise, the standard Blu-ray edition includes Digital, but you will miss out on the DVD found in the Crafting Table Edition. Take a closer look at the Limited Edition Steelbook and Crafting Table Editions below: If you want other ways to enjoy A Minecraft Movie, consider picking up one of the two books based on the film. The first is a large hardcover book that goes behind the scenes of its development--A Minecraft Movie: From Block to Big Screen. It released on April 22 and is available for $40. Since it's packed with interviews, exclusive images, and a deep dive into the creative process, it should be a hit with fans. The other is A Minecraft Movie: Official Coloring Book, which spans 80 pages and is a relaxing way for young fans to spend time with the characters. Plenty of other family-friendly video game movies have been released over the past few years, and most are now available in steelbook format. Consider rounding out your home theater collection with one of these popular options. More Gaming, Tech, and Entertainment Deals & Preorders