While other major publishers across the video game industry are raising the prices of their games, EA currently says it has "no changes" to its pricing strategy. During its investor call yesterday, after EA reported its fourth quarter earnings and wrap-up report for its 2025 fiscal year, the question of game pricing was brought to EA's executive leadership. At least for now, there's no indication from chief executive officer Andrew Wilson and chief financial officer Stuart Canfield that EA plans to hike its game prices just yet. "In terms of pricing power, our business is very different than today than it was even just 10 years ago," Wilson began. "In a world where everything we did 10 years ago was about selling shiny discs in plastic boxes in retail shelves, while that's still a part of our business it's a significantly smaller part of our business, and we now have pricing representing everything from free-to-play all the way to Deluxe Editions and beyond." "At the end of the day, whether we're doing something that costs a dollar, or we're doing something that costs $10, or we're doing something that costs $100, our objective is always delivering incredible quality and exponential value to our player base. And what we've discovered over the course of time is when we can marry quality and value together, our business is strong, resilient and continues to grow." Canfield added, "From a games perspective, we have reflected no changes in our current [pricing] strategy at this point." It's nice to hear from a big publisher like EA that it has no plans to raise prices at the moment, but that doesn't mean a price increase for its games won't happen. Right now, it's an easy win for EA to hold off on raising prices and raise them later when the rest of the industry has done so. Everyone was worried that Rockstar would be the ones to smash the pricing ceiling with Grand Theft Auto VI, but it was actually Nintendo to break through first with the price of Mario Kart World. Microsoft has now followed along and will increase the cost of its games starting this holiday season, and even though PlayStation's next major release, Ghost of Yotei, isn't getting a price increase, it wouldn't be a surprise to see their next first-party title cost an extra $10. EA might not have any plans right now, but remember this in a year's time. You can bet those plans will have changed by then.