Chainsaw Man: Season 1 Limited Edition Steelbook (Walmart Exclusive) $43 (was $56) | Releases July 29 Chainsaw Man: Season 1 Limited Edition $85 | Releases July 29 Even though it has been a while since it first arrived, Chainsaw Man continues to be one of the hottest anime series of the 2020s, and at long last, it's finally getting a proper Blu-ray release. Strangely, the anime is only being released in a Limited Edition format, but you can choose from two versions for your collection. Walmart has an exclusive Chainsaw Man Blu-ray with a steelbook cover to grab, while the CrunchyRoll Store is offering a different limited edition with a collectible booklet. Walmart originally listed Chainsaw Man for $56, but the retailer has since slashed the price to $43. If you preordered at the initial price, your order total will automatically be adjusted to reflect the discount as part of Walmart's preorder price guarantee. The Walmart-exclusive Steelbook Edition contains the original 12-episode run that covers the first 38 chapters of the manga source material, but the striking cover does feature a close-up of Denji transformed into the titular Chainsaw Man. On the inside, you'll find an image of Denji in his human form enjoying a movie with his boss and Special Devision 4 co-workers from the Public Safety Devil Hunters association. For bonus materials, you'll find several art galleries featuring character, publicity, and episodic storyboard artwork. CrunchyRoll's Blu-ray is priced at $85, and it offers the same on-disc extras alongside a 72-page booklet featuring various character design illustrations from the anime. It has a regular cover featuring promotional art of Denji about to transform into the Chainsaw Devil, and a protective slipcase of Denji transformed. The Limited Edition isn't exclusive to Crunchyroll, so we expect preorders to be available at Amazon and Walmart soon, too. In case you missed it, Chainsaw Man tells the story of freelance devil hunter Denji, who forms a contract with his trusty devil dog Pochita after he is betrayed and horribly murdered by the Zombie Devil. Fused with one of the most powerful devils in existence, Denji soon becomes a person of interest on a national scale as sinister forces look to exploit his power. Dumb as rocks but possessing a good heart, Denji soon makes new friends along the way as he integrates into society. The show was a huge hit after it launched, thanks to its surprisingly touching storytelling, fascinating mythology, and beautifully animated action sequences. The next storyline from the Chainsaw Man manga, the Reze Arc, is being adapted into a feature film that is scheduled to be theatrically released in Japan on September 19. If you're looking to read the manga, most of it is available in paperback format. The easiest way to dive in is with the Chainsaw Man box set that collects volumes 1-11, which form part of the overall first act known as the Public Safety arc. The box set also comes with an exclusive double-sided full-color poster, and you can grab it for $56 (was $100). From there, you can buy the manga paperbacks that have been released for the ongoing second act of the series, the Academy Saga. Finally, you can get a very cute--and cool--collectible in the form of BLDR's Chainsaw Man action figure. This official 10-inch building set released earlier this year and includes 311 pieces. There are some really nice details here, like the head and arm chainsaws wielded by the demonic hero, an impressive amount of articulation, and even the tie has some flexibility to it. Normally $20, you can pick this up for $17.65 through Amazon.