As May finally rolls around, Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2 fans have a lot to look forward to. Warhorse Studio’s lauded title will receive its first major DLC alongside a free update that promises endless hours of immersion and an enhanced player experience. Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2’s first major DLC, Brushes with Death, is set to release sometime this month and is generating buzz within the game's community. Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2 already boasts unforgettable NPCs, sprawling maps, and fascinating questlines, so fans are looking forward to what Brushes with Death has in store for them. With the promise of both a thrilling DLC and a free update, players are sure to find countless ways to dive right into medieval Bohemia. Whether gamers are just downloading KCD2 for the first time or eager to jump back in after finishing their first or second playthrough, Brushes with Death is poised to add a fresh coat of paint to a narratively rich gaming experience. Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2 reveals some jaw-dropping player stats, revealing details such as how many enemies gamers have killed. While Warhorse Studios is doing an excellent job of keeping information like the DLC's release date under wraps, Brushes with Death offers enough intrigue to make even the most skeptical of players want to learn more. With new characters and a storyline destined to provide a chaotic adventure, players joining Henry on his quest to support King Sigismund are certainly in for an unforgettable experience. The DLC centers around a mysterious new character, Master Voyta, an enigmatic painter with a grand artistic ambition. Voyta seeks to create a masterpiece that will cement his legacy as one of the greatest painters of his time. Players will be drawn into his creative process, tasked with helping him find the inspiration he needs to achieve his dream. Though in classic Kingdom Come fashion, this journey will likely spiral into an hours-long adventure that will involve a lot more than color theory or being the gallantly muse Votya longs for. Voyta also introduces a brand-new gameplay feature: shield painting. This customization option allows players to personalize Henry’s best shields by selecting different color combinations, patterns, borders, and central symbols. These symbols won’t just be handed out to players, though. These symbols are apparently unlocked through story progression, exploration, and interaction with certain NPCs. If relevant quests have been completed or key locations have been uncovered, players will find that these symbols are retroactively unlocked when the DLC goes live. Unlike some expansions that require players to reach a specific point in the story, Brushes with Death is accessible right away. Those looking to access DLC content as soon as they possibly can may access it at practically any point in the game, according to Warhorse Studios. This makes it ideal for both new and returning players, giving everyone a chance to experience the new content without needing to replay longer portions of the main campaign or having to speed run through plot-critical questlines in Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2. While Warhorse Studios hasn’t given an exact release date, both Brushes with Death and update 1.3 are slated for mid-to-late May. That gives players just enough time to finish any lingering side quests before diving headfirst into DLC content, but they certainly shouldn’t linger too long. Those looking to plan ahead to perfectly fit DLC content into their playthroughs should be aware that no other DLC in Kingdom Come: Deliverance 2’s post-launch roadmap has a set release date. Instead, Warhorse Studios has committed future DLCs to seasons like Fall and Winter. The 1.3 update, a free patch that introduces exciting new features and balance tweaks, will be released alongside the DLC. Players will be able to master mounted archery and take part in horse racing minigames, with a new side quest designed to walk players through these mechanics. Additionally, update 1.3 rebalances gameplay in key areas, including significant buffs to enemies in Kuttenberg, making it a far more challenging region for combat-hardened players. Your comment has not been saved Kingdom Come: Deliverance II is an exhilarating Action RPG, set amidst the chaos of a civil war in 15th Century Bohemia. You are Henry of Skalitz – an ordinary man doing extraordinary things – caught in a gripping tale of revenge, betrayal, and discovery as he embarks on an epic journey, 'from a humble blacksmith's forge to the court of Kings', searching for purpose in this beautiful but brutal medieval world. From bustling city streets to lush forests, explore this open-world Medieval Europe through an unforgettable adventure filled with action, thrills, and wonder. We want to hear from you! Share your opinions in the thread below and remember to keep it respectful. Your comment has not been saved Henry is supporting Wenceslas, not Sigismund. I was coming here to say the same thing! I was so confused, like did I miss some major plot point where he suddenly shifts allegiance (after forcing Sigismund to flee the country no less!). Glad to see it appears to just be an error in the article. Dice Dreams players can enhance their gaming experience and get free rolls with the help of these links. The Epic Game Store announces the return of its mystery game promotion for May 2025, while also offering users two other free titles in the meantime. This Uchiha was a genius and deserves to get more attention. Unlock the False Son's full potential with this quick guide on how to get all his skills in Risk of Rain 2. You can beat Giovanni in Pokemon GO May 2025 with the best Shadow Pokemon counters listed in this guide. The FTC loses its appeal of the ruling in its case against Microsoft's acquisition of Activision Blizzard, which went through in 2023. Destiny 2 has been missing a core piece of its identity in recent years, and The Edge of Fate could be bringing it back in a great way.