PlayStation's chief executive officer of its studio business group, Herman Hulst, has announced the latest addition to its first-party PlayStation Studios teams with TeamLFG. The 'LFG' stands for "Looking For Group," and the team is comprised of former Destiny, Halo, Fortnite, Roblox, Rec Room, and League of Legends developers. The news was announced with a short statement from the studio, though it's unclear who exactly is leading the studio at the time of writing. There's currently no information about its founding members in the introductory statement on the PlayStation Blog, or on its website or LinkedIn page. What we do know about the studio, however, is that it is headquartered in Bellevue, and per their statement on the PlayStation Blog, is that their debut project is set to be "a team-based action game that draws inspiration from fighting games, platformers, MOBAs, life sims, and frog-type games." "Players will inhabit a lighthearted, comedic world set in brand-new, mythic, science-fantasy universe. We can't wait to reveal more." Hulst calls TeamLFG's first game an "ambitious incubation project," and you can bet it will be PlayStation's latest attempt at finding a live service game that is able to be the kind of big, Fortnite-sized hit that PlayStation and every other publisher in the industry would love to have. TeamLFG also adds that its debut game will be built "with our communities, inviting players to be a part of our development process through early access playtests." It says that it is "critical" that the team is able to respond and react to player feedback throughout its debut project's development. It'll likely be a while before we see anything concrete about TeamLFG's debut project, but at least compared to PlayStation's previous pathways to finding live service success, this seems to be their most tempered approach. TeamLFG isn't a studio they've gone out and acquired for millions, nor is it a team with a reputation for making single-player games, being told to create something entirely different from where their talents lie. This is a team of developers who specialize in multiplayer games, on a big scale, coming together to make something that has been incubating within PlayStation. At least for now, it looks like TeamLFG is starting on the right foot. We'll see if it'll be able to stick the landing.