The new game releases this month are going to be a danger to your free time by Tyler Colp The new game releases in May are some of the experiences we’ve been waiting to have for too long. Not only is Elden Ring Nightreign coming out, but so is Doom: The Dark Ages. Of course, there are plenty of smaller games too, like to a T from the creator of Katamari Damacy and — because it slides in just at the end of April — comedic stealth action game Skin Deep. We’ve been waiting to sink our teeth into these games, and luckily, they’re not all coming out in the same week. There’s time to slay demons in action RPG Conquest Dark before ripping and tearing in The Dark Ages. And some of the biggest games aren’t arriving until the end of the month, like F1 25. So, whether you’re still trying to crack open Blue Prince or counting down the days to Nightreign, you’ve got a healthy amount of games to jump into in the next few weeks. Here are our most anticipated game releases for May. [Ed. note: Some of the prices haven’t been announced yet. We will update this story when they have.] Release date: April 28Platforms: PlayStation 5, Windows PC, Xbox Series XMicrosoft’s open-world racing game series is finally making its way to PlayStation 5 this week. You’ll have plenty to do in its fictional version of Mexico that’s absolutely packed with stuff to do and collect. Release date: April 30Platforms: Windows PCThis is a comedic immersive sim game where you take out guards with ridiculous tactics, like throwing pepper at them. Crawling through vents can cause you to sneeze and alert enemies, too. You should visit the Steam page and play the demo. This might be the funniest game of the year. Release date: April 30Platforms: Windows PCThis action RPG is sort of like Vampire Survivors mixed with Diablo. You pick a character and start mowing down enemies until you level up and gain new powers. The creator of the game even said they were inspired to make it because they had nothing to do in between Diablo and Path of Exile seasons. Release date: May 6Platforms: Windows PCNothing good will come of trying to lie to your friends in a 3D version of the social deception game. It’s the Among Us you know, but transformed into a whole different experience as you move through the ship in third-person view. Release date: May 8Platforms: PlayStation 5, Windows PCThis is a game made out of clay and animated in stop-motion style. Nothing about it is cute, though. The monsters you have to hide from crawl and screech as they look for you, and frankly, I’m too scared for that. But maybe you won’t be. Release date: May 15Platforms: PlayStation 5, Windows PC, Xbox Series XRip and tear, folks. Doom is back with a prequel set in medieval times. There are guns, but there’s also a “Shield Saw” that does exactly what you think it does. Hell isn’t ready for what you’re going to get up to in this one. Release date: May 23Platforms: Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Windows PC, Xbox OneHere’s a remake of a classic action game that is known for having tons of depth in how you approach combat. There are multiple characters and different combo attacks to pull off. It’s not a Soulslike, but it’s certainly close. Release date: May 28Platforms: PlayStation 5, Windows PC, Xbox One, Xbox Series XThe creator of Katamari Damacy has a new game about a boy stuck in a T-pose. It’s a quirky adventure game where you try to solve everyday issues while stuck in a ridiculous pose. Release date: May 30Platforms: PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Windows PC, Xbox One, Xbox Series XIt’s time for the Tarnished to team up. This is a co-op spinoff of Elden Ring where you drop onto a map and fight monsters before a circle closes in on you. The whole thing moves at a much faster pace than FromSoftware’s previous games, which allows for some dramatic battles against bosses new and old. Release date: May 30Platforms: PlayStation 5, Windows PC, Xbox Series XCodemasters’ latest entry in the long-running F1 video game series promises big changes to the My Team mode, a tie-in with the upcoming F1 movie, more accurate tracks, and (perhaps most excitingly) a new chapter in one of the best story modes sports games have to offer. The best of Polygon in your inbox, every Friday.