Stardew Valley creator Eric "ConcernedApe" Barone has suggested that he may "eventually make a Stardew Valley 2." Before you get too excited, though, in the same interview with TigerBelly, the developer also admitted that it's "so much easier to just add more stuff to Stardew Valley than to make a whole new game from scratch." "It's all the systems — all the major systems — are already all done. That’s the stuff that’s not fun to do. When I make an update [for Stardew Valley now], it’s like, you know, oh, throw in this, throw in that. Let’s add green rain — like, these random, whimsical ideas." "I might eventually make a Stardew Valley 2, to be honest," Barone added, though (thanks, Nintendo Life). In the same interview, Barone also admitted that he "didn't want to just be the Stardew Valley guy," explaining that that was why he's currently working on his next game, Haunted Chocolatier. Talking of which: don't expect a release date for that anytime soon. There's "still a lot to be done," Barone explained, particularly as he feels it's "got to be better" than Stardew Valley. We enjoyed our time with the farm simulator when we reviewed it way back in 2016, awarding it 8.8 "Great" in our original Stardew Valley review. When we revisited the game in 2024, however, we hailed it a 10/10 "masterpiece", writing: "Stardew Valley is not only the best farming game I’ve played, it is one of my favorite games of all time. That myself and others keep returning to this eight-year old gem each time it gets even the smallest update speaks to how it’s truly a masterpiece in the genre it both reinvigorated and has come to define." Our Stardew Valley Beginner's Guide is fully updated for 2024's 1.6 update, which added new crops, new fish, and plenty more - including the Raccoon Family Quests that unlock a new shop and valuable rewards. For veteran farmers who have maxed out all their skills, our Mastery Points guide can advise on next steps, and if you're headed to Ginger Island, here's where to find all Golden Walnuts. Vikki Blake is a reporter, critic, columnist, and consultant. She's also a Guardian, Spartan, Silent Hillian, Legend, and perpetually High Chaos. Find her at BlueSky.