PUBG Productions announced that it has launched a new closed beta for its upcoming single-player survival roguelike, Prologue: Go Wayback!. This is the fifth playtesting event that PUBG Productions has hosted since the game's reveal in December 2024, with the game due out in early access sometime in summer 2025. The closed beta will run from today, May 7, to May 14, and is available on Steam and the Epic Games Store. To participate, you need to sign up through the studio's official Discord to receive a code for either storefront. Signing up gets you a code, you don't have to wait to see if you've been accepted into the closed beta. Though, PUBG Productions does stipulate that codes are being given out on a "first-come first-servered basis," so better to be quick if you want to try out Prologue: Go Wayback!. Even if you do miss this playtest, though, in the PUBG Productions Discord, the team has already confirmed there will be another playtest next month, beginning June 2, 2025. So you'll have another chance, and maybe even another after that, if it ends up releasing in August 2025. When Wccftech spoke to PUBG creator Brendan Greene about Prologue: Go Wayback!, Greene outlined his goals for the game as part of a three-game project. "Prologue is tackling the terrain where we generate new terrains every playthrough by using our machine learning tech. That'll help us prove out and mature the ML tech. Then, when we go to game two, which is hopefully on our own engine, we can have that ML tech matured, go bigger, and keep scaling up. That's the intention for Prologue. It's quite a simple game. it's not my next opus, but it serves a purpose, which is that of a test bed for our ML tech. I still want to make a great single player experience and I'm excited about emergent gameplay in a single player world, kind of like Don't Starve and these games that are unique in every playthrough. Hopefully, we can create an 8x8 world that looks pretty good. Having a unique world every time, I think, gives us something interesting to play with."