A small update has arrived to Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 and Warzone. One of the major highlights included in the patch notes is the Gunsmith's new Blueprint Swap feature that allows players further weapon customization. The update also nerfs a few popular weapons in Warzone. Players now have more freedom with weapon customization. The Gunsmith's new Blueprint Swap feature allows players to mix-and-match which attachment skins they have equipped or fine-tune how weapon blueprint skins apply to their builds. This means players can now customize any Black Ops 6 base weapon or blueprint with a skin they've unlocked or purchased. Additionally, weapon blueprints can now be customized further by adding skins to each existing attachment. This new feature is available across multiplayer, Zombies, and Warzone, but it's only available to use with Black Ops 6 weapons. On the Warzone side of the update, adjustments are included for some of the battle royale's most popular guns. The maximum damage of the AK-74 assault rifle is reduced from 45 down to 39, and the CR-56 AMAX assault rifle has a slight reduction to its headshot multiplier, sprint-to-fire speed, and aim-down-sight move speed. The HDR sniper has a massive reduction to the gun's Flinch Resistance which is now reduced by 60%. Additionally, the flinch resistance benefit of the Heavy Stock attachment is reduced from 60% to 35%, and the flinch resistance benefit of the Combat Stock is lowered from 25% to 15%. While many long-range options were nerfed in Warzone, the Krig C assault did receive several small improvements to make the gun a viable option. These Krig C changes include the following: Lastly, the patch notes addresses the recent server disconnect issues in Warzone, saying that the developer is investigating the problem which arrived with the Season 3 Reloaded update. "We understand the frustration caused by ongoing server disconnects and want to clarify that these issues are not due to known malicious attacks or activity," the developer says. "Our studio teams are actively investigating the root cause which shipped with Season 3 Reloaded and will provide updates as soon as possible." The full patch notes for Black Ops 6 and Warzone can be found below, as shared by Activision. In addition to the new update, Activision also detailed the effectiveness of the Call of Duty's anti-cheat since Season 3 started. New Ricochet anti-cheat and discussed the continued plan to fight against those unsavory players. The ability to edit Blueprint Skins comes to Black Ops 6 today, allowing players to mix-and-match which Attachment Skins they have equipped or fine-tune how Weapon Blueprint Skins apply to their Weapon Builds. Players can customize Skins one of two ways: - NEW in Black Ops 6: Enter the "Skins" menu from the Gunsmith "Customize" tab to see which Skins are currently equipped to the Blueprint or Build, as well as which Skins are equipped to each Attachment. From here, players can change the Blueprint Skin equipped to the Build, which will also automatically apply the Skin to all compatible Attachments (if desired). Players can also view and change the Skins equipped to each individual Attachment equipped to the Blueprint or Build. - When equipping an Attachment or highlighting an equipped Attachment in Gunsmith, press Y BUTTON (Xbox), TRIANGLE (PlayStation), or the 5 KEY (KBM) to enter the Skins menu for that specific Attachment. Keep in mind that some Mastercraft Blueprints feature a "Built-In Mastercraft Look" that will preserve the Skin look of the Barrel and/or Stock, regardless of which Barrel and/or Stock Attachments are equipped. We look forward to seeing what unique "Frankenbuild" Blueprint Skin creations the community can come up with now that Blueprint Skin customization is live in Black Ops 6! UI We understand the frustration caused by ongoing server disconnects and want to clarify that these issues are not due to known malicious attacks or activity. Our studio teams are actively investigating the root cause which shipped with Season 03 Reloaded and will provide updates as soon as possible. We've been closely monitoring the economy since returning to Verdansk. With recent adjustments to the economy overall, specific strategies involving Fire Sale have become more dominant than intended. While additional tweaks are underway, we're replacing Fire Sale with Restock as we gather data. Our goal is to reduce the incentive of stockpiling cash and to encourage players to manage and spend their cash strategically throughout the match, especially in the mid-to-late game. CR-56 AMAX AK-74 We are making this adjustment to give SMGs more room to shine in the close range, while keeping the AK-74 as a great mid-long range option. KRIG C The Krig C's recoil was holding it back from being a viable option compared to other ARs at range. This change allows it to compete at longer range engagements. C9 The change to the C9 is to bring it up to par with other SMGs in close range combat. HDR