Plus buffs for Pathfinder and the Bocek returns to ground loot. Apex Legends Season 25 has announced Prodigy, the 25th season of Respawn's battle royale, which introduces a brand new bow-toting Legend called Sparrow. Additionally, Arenas make a return, the Bocek gets some love and Pathfinder receives a few buffs. There are also a couple of ranked updates on the way. This news comes amid a week of layoffs that have impacted numerous EA studios, including team members who worked on Apex Legends at developer Respawn. Incredibly, the writer of the game's new Legend introduced in this update, was among those impacted, just days before today's announcement that showcases their work. Apex Legends' Sparrow will be the first archer to grace the games and, for the first two weeks of the season, everyone can test out this new addition for themselves. If you want to keep Sparrow, however, you will need to complete the set challenges to have him permanently added to your roster. Sparrow, like all Legends, has three abilities unique to him. His Tactical ability is 'Tracker Dart', which will highlight and reveal any nearby enemies. Sparrow's passive is the self-explanatory 'Double Jump', meanwhile. Finally, his Ultimate ability is 'Stinger Bolt', which lets Sparrow hit multiple enemies at once with six energy blasts in a row, meaning if two squads try to cross you, they'll all become targets at the mercy of your Ultimate. Speaking of Legends, Pathfinder has seen some changes to bring him back into the Fight. The cooldown for his Tactical ability 'Grapple Hook' now has a 15-30 seconds cooldown and Zipline Zen returns with a 50 percent increased damage reduction. That's not all though, he's got new upgrades to make use of too. You can trade a Double Tactical Charge for the Variable Grapple cooldown, and a Double Ultimate Charge has been added too. Arenas make a return this season, with three-versus-three fast-paced battles and a new one-on-one Arena: Duels mode coming later. As in previous Arena appearances, your team of Legends needs to win a total of three rounds first to be dubbed the winners. As for the game's weapons, the Bocek has been boosted with the ability to add Frag Grenades, then energise the weapon to create Explosive Arrows that detonate on impact. The Bocek also returns to ground loot for season 25, but there’s a catch - there’s no ammunition to be found on the ground. To reload it, you’ll need to collect arrows from deathboxes of deceased players or, if brave enough, grab arrows that have been fired by another Bocek user. Finally, ranked players will see a brand new ranked ladder for Prodigy and climbing the ladder won't affect regular ranked progression. Players can progress through the Leaderboard for different rewards by taking part in normal ranked matches this season. Apex Legends Prodigy launches on Tuesday, 6th May 2025 on PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X/S and Nintendo Switch.