One of the big changes coming to the Switch 2 is the integration of audio and video chats throughout the console experience with a feature called GameChat. However, this new feature has required Nintendo to change its privacy policy: The company has disclosed that it may record Switch 2 audio and video chat sessions held between players. In a recent update to its privacy policy, Nintendo explained, "We may collect, monitor and record audio and video of your chat sessions with other users to provide a safe and secure environment for certain of our services." This data collection is done with the player's consent--which, if other consoles are anything to go by, could take the form of a clause in the terms of use for the chat functionality or an opt-in screen. Further, Nintendo specifically states that this recording process is done to "enforce our terms," which could include both safety policies and legal requirements. Now Playing: Everything You Need To Know From The Nintendo Switch 2 Direct Recording video and audio chats is not unique to Nintendo, and in fact this brings the company's approach in line with Xbox and PlayStation. Microsoft, for instance, states that it collects data from Xbox chat sessions, at least in part to power Xbox's voice chat reporting functionality for safety enforcement. PlayStation party sessions and voice chat are also recorded to some extent for safety and security. As voice and video chat functions have become more widespread and integral parts of gaming ecosystems, companies have rolled out increasingly sophisticated capabilities for recording, analyzing, and acting on the data that these produce. While it is often difficult to know the full extent of what companies are using this data for, much of it has to do with ensuring compliance with privacy and safety laws and enforcing community standards. Because of the legal ramifications of violations of some of these laws, some specialist companies have emerged to provide services in the voice and video chat safety space. Right now, it is unclear exactly how Nintendo intends on using recordings for safety enforcement, and the company has not detailed what types of systems it will employ. We have reached out to Nintendo for comment and will update this story with any additional detail if we hear back. In the meantime, be sure to read all about Switch 2's GameChat and keep an eye on our Switch 2 preorder guide if you're still trying to secure a console ahead of its June 5 release date.