The following article contains spoilers for the final arc of Demon Slayer (Infinity Castle and Sunrise Countdown). This year will be huge for Demon Slayer fans, as the first movie of the Infinity Castle trilogy will be released soon. Every fan is eagerly awaiting to see the final battle of Demon Slayer and learn what will happen to each of the remaining characters. The Infinity Castle arc is the penultimate arc of the story, and it is not yet clear if the movies will also cover the final arc (Sunrise Countdown) or if it will be adapted in another format (like a final season). Either way, Nezuko fans may be disappointed with the first movie, and maybe with the whole trilogy. Nezuko plays a major role in the final arc of Demon Slayer. But what exactly does she do? In the Infinity Castle arc, the Demon Slayers Corps invade the Infinity Castle, Muzan's true lair. Although it includes thrilling battles and action-packed segments, Nezuko doesn't really play a major role in this part of the story. In fact, she's mostly absent from the action — many might expect Nezuko to jump into the castle with the Demon Slayers, as she seems to be able to back them in battle, but that's not what happens in this arc. Since Muzan has learned that Nezuko has evolved, he's been quite disturbed that she has resistance to the sun, a power that even he hasn't been able to develop after all these centuries. Thus, the Demon Slayers fear that Nezuko could be captured and devoured by Muzan if she joins the team. Instead of invading the castle with them, Nezuko stays behind, protected from Muzan — they also expect her to return to her human form once she takes the Tamayo's antidote. The anime adaptation is very faithful to the manga, but they may add scenes that are not in the original manga. While it is unlikely that they will change Nezuko's role in the story, they might add a few scenes with her to please the audience and give her some spotlight in this arc. However, it probably wouldn't be anything major, and fans might still feel disappointed that Nezuko, despite being a strong ally, isn't on the spotlight in this epic part of the story. It would be cool to see her standing at Tanjiro's side to defeat Muzan, but it would also be too risky. While Nezuko doesn't play a major role in the Infinity Castle arc, she is important in the final arc, the Sunrise Countdown arc. Muzan manages to escape the Infinity Castle before it completely collapses, and Tanjiro goes after him. Their final battle is intense, but when Muzan realizes he is about to lose, he makes his final move and turns Tanjiro into a demon, hoping that Tanjiro will become the strongest demon ever and carry out his wish. Now all the Demon Slayers who fought alongside Tanjiro must now defeat him. Nezuko senses that something is wrong, and she runs to the place where Tanjiro and Muzan are. While Tanjiro has turned into a demon, she is completely human again — they change places for a short while. Nezuko then asks Tanjiro to not give up and to resist Muzan's will — which helps him a lot to resist Muzan's temptations. Fortunately, the Demon Slayers are able to inject Tanjiro with the antidote while he still resists becoming a demon in his mental/spiritual reality. Humans are to be protected and saved... I will never hurt them. — Nezuko Kamado While those who were expecting Nezuko to play a major role in the battles may be disappointed, she is present in the story in a different way, mainly through her connection to the other characters, and she plays an important role in preventing Tanjiro from becoming a demon. If the trilogy fully adapts the Final Arc, she will probably get more screen time in the third movie. Since the movie will be out in Japan a few months before the international release, spoilers will likely emerge in Japanese circles before the movie hits theaters internationally. Those who want to avoid spoilers should be careful in order not to accidentally stumble upon unwanted information. Demon Slayer -Kimetsu no Yaiba- The Movie: Infinity Castle will be released in the US on September 12, 2025. In Japan, the movie will be out on July 18. Your comment has not been saved Based on Koyoharu Gotouge's shonen manga, Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba is an action anime set in Japan during the early 20th century. Seeking revenge for the murder of his family while also looking to save his sister, Tanjiro joins the Demon Slayer Corps as they try to eradicate Demons led by Muzan. We want to hear from you! Share your opinions in the thread below and remember to keep it respectful. Your comment has not been saved This thread is open for discussion. Be the first to post your thoughts. Demon Slayer fans will be treated to a major update on the Infinity Castle film. Destiny 2’s Edge of Fate expansion has Metroid written all over it, particularly when it comes to the design of its new planet and a new ability. Destiny 2 has been missing a core piece of its identity in recent years, and The Edge of Fate could be bringing it back in a great way. Game Rant Editor-In-Chief Anthony Taormina unboxes 2 new Razer products, the Basilisk Mobile Pro Mouse, and the Joro Keyboard. Unlock the False Son's full potential with this quick guide on how to get all his skills in Risk of Rain 2. The Rookie season 7 finale promises to be epic and fun, and showrunner Alexi Hawley shared some of what viewers can expect. Here's a short Main DPS build guide for Sciel in Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 that's great for all stages of the game.