If anyone thought the recent confirmation of a GTA VI delay (the game's launch has been moved from Fall 2025 to May 26, 2026) would harm its hype, the first viewership registered by the second trailer will make them reconsider. According to Rockstar Games (via The Hollywood Reporter), the trailer that suddenly aired two days ago surpassed 475 million views across all platforms in the first twenty-four hours. This makes it the most-viewed trailer of all time, not just among games but across all entertainment, beating the previous record of Deadpool vs. Wolverine, which stopped at 365 million views. The recent trailer for The Fantastic Four: First Steps registered around 200 million views in the same timeframe. For comparison, the first GTA VI trailer only garnered 93 million views. However, it was a YouTube exclusive, and it still managed to become the most-viewed non-music video of all-time on the platform, second only to a couple of songs from the South Korean boy band BTS. That trailer also helped bring its featured song (Love Is a Long Road, made by Tom Petty) to the top of the music charts, and the same is true this time around with the new trailer's song, Hot Together by The Pointer Sisters. According to Spotify, the song's popularity grew by 182,000% (not a typo) following the debut of the GTA VI trailer. Sulinna Ong, Spotify’s global head of editorial, stated: Grand Theft Auto cuts through popular culture like almost nothing else. Music has been synonymous with the series since the very beginning, so it’s great to see fans both new and established connecting with an iconic track in this way. Yesterday, Rockstar Games also clarified that the trailer was captured on Sony's PlayStation 5 hardware with a mix of gameplay and cutscenes. Given how great it looked, that's highly reassuring. PlayStation 5 Pro users may get even better visuals or higher frame rate options. As for PC, Rockstar hasn't said anything about the platform's launch window yet, but a prominent manufacturer of PC gaming peripherals reckons GTA VI should be released only a few months after the console debut.