Outer Wilds developer Mobius Digital is hard at work on a new game. In patch notes posted to Steam alongside a minor update for Outer Wilds, the studio mentioned that it is transitioning development resources to focus more on its next title. First spotted by Rock Paper Shotgun, the studio mentioned--almost offhandedly--that it is increasingly turning toward its future title. It explains, for instance, that the reason behind Mobius's implementation of a staggered release of minor patches across platforms is because of the resources its next project requires. As the patch notes state, "This is no shade to our QA testers, we’re just trying to be extra risk averse and conservative with the resources we put toward Outer Wilds since our new game is our priority!" Now Playing: First 20 Minutes Of Outer Wilds: Echoes Of The Eye Mobius also reminded fans that no more significant changes are coming for its past title. "As mentioned before, there are no more major updates planned for Outer Wilds or Echoes of the Eye because we are hard at work on our next game," the studio wrote. "There may be smaller updates like this from time to time, but no guarantees." There's no hint of when we might actually learn what this secretive new project, but that won't stop fans from speculating about what type of game Mobius might attempt next. Outer Wilds was critically acclaimed when it came out back in 2019--and its mix of cartoony space-western aesthetics, complex puzzles, and catchy space banjo were particularly notable. Will we see the return of an interplanetary bluegrass band? Will Mobius stick with the space theme or use a different setting? Mobius Digital is most well-known for Outer Wilds, but it actually worked on a couple of other projects in the past. As it lists on its website, Mobius created two smaller-scale mobile titles, Terra Chroma and Beacon 38. If you squint hard enough at screenshots and descriptions of Beacon 38, you might be able to see some common aesthetic or thematic threads that ended up in Outer Wilds. Mobius worked on these titles long enough ago that it's not trivial to play them now; for example, fans have had to collaborate on finding a playable version of Beacon 38. What do you hope to see from a follow-up to Outer Wilds? Let us know in the comments below!