Alien: Rogue Incursion - Part One, a single player action-horror game set in the Alien universe, is getting an upgrade and you won't even need a VR headset to play. Alien: Rouge Incursion - Part One: Evolved Edition hits PC and PlayStation 5 on September 30, 2025 and features "even deadlier Xenomorphs and enhanced visuals." Players can wishlist the new non-VR edition of the game starting today on Steam and PlayStation. The original version of game launched across PlayStation VR2 and PCVR via Steam in December 2024, then released on Meta Quest 3 in February. Developed and published by Survios, the new Evolved Edition of the Alien: Rogue Incursion - Part One retails at $29.99 for the standard edition with the Digital Deluxe edition available for $39.99. Set between the events of Alien and Aliens, Alien: Rogue Incursion - Part One takes players on "a mission to the planet Purdan (LV-354) in search of a former squadmate. After a sudden attack, Zula and her Synthetic companion, Davis 01 find themselves in Gemini Exoplanet Solutions’ hauntingly desolate Castor’s Cradle research facility." The game features tons of action, Xenomorphs, and mystery. IGN's review of the VR version returned a 7/10. We said: "Alien: Rogue Incursion is a compelling first crack at bringing Alien to VR with lots of room to grow." The crew behind Alien: Rogue Incursion - Part One will be on hand at IGN Live next month to show off a brand-new look at the Evolved Edition. There's a lot going on in the Alien universe right now, with FX TV show Alien: Earth set to debut later this year, and a crossover with the upcoming Predator movie, Predator: Badlands. It looks like Alien: Romulus 2 will also happen at some point. Meanwhile, Alien: Rogue Incursion - Part Two is currently in development. Michael Peyton is the Senior Editorial Director of Events & Entertainment at IGN, leading entertainment content and coverage for tentpole events including IGN Live, San Diego Comic Con, gamescom, and IGN Fan Fest. He's spent 20 years working in the games and entertainment industry, and his adventures have taken him everywhere from the Oscars to Japan to Buenos Aires, Argentina. Follow him on Bluesky @MichaelPeyton