After a last-minute, quietly confirmed delay on the day of its original intended release, La Quimera has launched on PC in early access a week and a half later. La Quimera was originally scheduled to release on April 25, 2025, and just days before that release, review keys were sent to members of the press, including Wccftech. When the release day came, shortly after reviews went live, the game was quietly delayed, with developer Reburn releasing a statement just to its Discord server on launch day. The following day, Reburn posted the same statement to La Quimera's Steam page, and three days after that, the studio released a longer statement about the delay on the game's Steam page. It was at that point that Reburn confirmed La Quimera would be an early access release after it had originally been marketed as a complete game. In a press release for today's release, chief executive officer of Reburn, Dmytro Lymar, thanked players who had been keen to play La Quimera for their support after the decision to release La Quimera in early access was announced. "We truly appreciate the support our community has shown since we made the decision to pivot La Quimera into Early Access. Though this wasn't our original plan, as Ukrainian game developers, we're very familiar with perseverance in the face of tough choices and tougher odds." "Our goal is to deliver a new experience that fans of our past work have come to expect now and through future updates. Thank you again to all of our supporters." According to the game's Steam page, Reburn intends to work on La Quimera in early access for 18 months, with the full version meant to offer: Reburn also clarified that it intends to raise the game's price from its current early access price of $29.99 USD as it adds more content. I was tasked with playing La Quimera for review, and it was apparent from my time with it that it was an unfinished game. I even commented in my review that if it had been marketed as an early access game from the beginning, I would feel better about its current state. But at the time, it was described as a full release, and was simply a broken game that wasn't worth playing. Now that it has launched in early access, I can't say that I feel better about its chances. I would love to see it improve over the next 18 months and release as the game Reburn first envisioned, but its issues go beyond the numerous technical problems I faced. So many things about La Quimera need not just to improve, but change completely, to come out the other side of early access as a strong, single-player shooter that can stand out in a crowded genre. It didn't make a good first impression, but La Quimera has the bones of a game that could grow to be a must-play for shooter fans. This is one case where I hope I'm eating my words and the doubts I have now by the time it hits 1.0.