Hopeful fans of Grand Theft Auto 6 recently received a huge blow with the news that the high-profile project has been delayed from its original late-2025 release window, with the game now possessing the revised release date of May 26, 2026. It seemed that Rockstar would have to do something big to win over the favor of fans due to this understandable yet disappointing news, and this has more than been achieved by the recent release of GTA 6's second trailer. The second trailer launch for Grand Theft Auto 6 came as a shock to the gaming industry, with the video giving some critical early insight into the project's other major protagonist, Jason Duval, as well as glimpses at the game's zany cast of supporting characters. Fans have a much better understanding of the types of content involved in GTA 6 thanks to the trailer, with more information even being revealed about Lucia. Crucially, it has now been confirmed that Lucia shares some serious ties to the iconic franchise location of Liberty City, with Rockstar surely working the location into GTA 6 in some way because of this. Some vocal Grand Theft Auto fans are hoping that GTA 6 Online will make one big change compared to its immediate predecessor. As a Bonnie and Clyde-inspired duo, the dynamic between Jason and Lucia already seems fascinating, with a lot of pressure being placed on GTA 6's two protagonists to carry the torch of the famous characters that came before them. Alongside the trailer came a huge wealth of information on the official GTA 6 website, including a treasure trove of brand-new screenshots and character deep dives for fans to peruse. Much can be learned of Lucia's backstory thanks to this fresh character description, describing how she landed herself in Leonida Penitentiary by "fighting for her family." Lucia's family ties are further fleshed out with the descriptions of her father teaching her how to fight from a young age, with it also being confirmed that Lucia grew up with her mother in Liberty City. Of course, Liberty City was the gritty major location of 2008's Grand Theft Auto 4, with the title being just as iconic as the likes of Los Santos and Vice City in the tapestry of the franchise's past. Some high expectations exist around the scale of Grand Theft Auto 6, with many rumors suggesting that the game's playable area will be much larger than Vice City and its surrounding locations, and Liberty City might play a big role in this through Lucia. The GTA 6 website also confirmed the major regions of Vice City and its surroundings, including the likes of Vice City itself, Leonida Keys, Grassrivers, Port Gellhorn, Ambrosia, and Mount Kalaga. With how important family appears to be to Lucia, it seems a real possibility that players may briefly visit parts of Liberty City throughout the story of Grand Theft Auto 6. This would be an excellent opportunity for Rockstar to show just how far the franchise has come since 2008 while giving a tasteful nod to such a fan-favorite entry to the series. Even if Liberty City only appears through things like flashback sequences, it only seems right that GTA 6 makes the most of Lucia's backstory in this way. The massive expectations that exist around Grand Theft Auto 6 can only be met by some ambitious moves on Rockstar's part, and an increased variety of locations seems like a sure-fire way for the upcoming game to exceed the gameplay opportunities of GTA 5. With both Vice City and Liberty City being two hugely important in-game locations that are fairly close geographically, Lucia could be the key to the latter making a needed and memorable appearance in Grand Theft Auto 6's story. We want to hear from you! Share your opinions in the thread below and remember to keep it respectful. Your comment has not been saved This thread is open for discussion. Be the first to post your thoughts. An eagle-eyed Grand Theft Auto 6 fan spots a small detail in Trailer 2 that hints at a possible connection to Red Dead Redemption 2. Star Wars Zero Company takes place during the Clone Wars and is bound to include some unique cameos who work with or against the squad. The Rookie season 7 finale promises to be epic and fun, and showrunner Alexi Hawley shared some of what viewers can expect. This Solo Leveling character could have been so much more if it weren’t for his weak portrayal, particularly in the Jeju Island arc. Drag X Drive looks like one of the Switch 2's most unique games, but it has a lot of work to do to avoid the traps of a similar Switch 1 game. The Epic Game Store announces the return of its mystery game promotion for May 2025, while also offering users two other free titles in the meantime. It's good that the Nine Tails are back, but not so good that it's some kind of Uzumaki family affair again.