Pre-orders for Mafia: The Old Country have just gone live following its first gameplay trailer, which revealed that it's only going to cost $49.99 for the standard edition. Following its original announcement all the way back at Gamescom's Opening Night Live showcase last year, we've heard surprisingly little about Mafia: The Old Country. Outside of one gameplay trailer and some interview snippets, Take-Two and Hangar 13 have kept a lot of details about the upcoming game quiet, something that has finally changed. Having never succeeded critically, Mafia is hoping to change that with The Old Country. Earlier today, the first proper gameplay reveal trailer was shared for The Old Country, which gave us our best look yet at everything the game contains, from horse riding and stealth to gunfights and driving. Take-Two also opened pre-orders for Mafia: The Old Country and updated the game's website, which reveals a surprising but welcome change. The pre-orders for Mafia: The Old Country have revealed that the standard edition of the game is only going to cost $49.99 instead of the standard $70 like most triple-A games of this size have cost. Considering how most of Take-Two's games have cost $70 in recent years, it's a big surprise to see Mafia going for much less. If, for some reason, you miss that high price point, there is a deluxe version of Mafia: The Old Country that bumps the price back up to $59.99. This pricing point also comes as a surprise with so many developers and publishers are raising the price of their games this generation. Nintendo infamously announced a few months ago that Mario Kart World would cost $80, something that was then followed up with by Xbox last week when it announced a price hike for its future releases. It's not really clear why Mafia: The Old Country has been picked as a game that should retail for less, but it's possibly due to the fact that it's going to be a much more linear game than initially promised. While Hangar 13 previously confirmed it'd be less open than Mafia 3, The Old Country's website confirms that it's not going to have an open-world at all and will just be linear. Either way, with the strength of Mafia lying in its more focused worlds and the fact that it's refreshing it is to see a big-budget game retail for less, the price announcement is a rare bit of good news. Now we just have to wait and see whether Take-Two does the same thing for GTA 6. Spoiler alert - it almost definitely won't. Your comment has not been saved Sony can’t keep getting away with this! We want to hear from you! Share your opinions in the thread below and remember to keep it respectful. Your comment has not been saved This thread is open for discussion. Be the first to post your thoughts. Maybe you picked the wrong side in Skyrim. Plenty of puzzles, gorgeous graphics, and minimal combat make it the ideal game to play with your non-gamer dad. Akihiro Hino says developers need to maintain their eye for aesthetics. We would love for these JRPGs to get sequels and for their series to continue. The Imperium wants you to find the difference. Stadium is breathing new life into Blizzard's free-to-play shooter.