Players may have been disappointed when Grand Theft Auto 6 was delayed into next year, but the newly released second trailer has gone a long ways towards raising the anticipation to another level. However, if fans were hoping that GTA 6 would arrive with a robust 60 frames per second then they may be disappointed to hear that the trailer was only 30fps. Digital Foundry has shared an extensive breakdown of GTA 6's second trailer, and its analysis is that it was upscaled to 4K at 30fps. DF also suggested that it may not be possible to get GTA 6 to 60fps at launch without drastically reducing the ray-tracing touches that give the game its visual identity. Now Playing: GTA 6 (Grand Theft Auto VI) - Official Release Date Reveal | Trailer 2 The Digital Foundry team gushed over the trailer's reflective surfaces, particularly during an early scene with Jason in his car that features multiple moving reflections simultaneously. Even small touches like the condensation in Jason's beer bottles and the movement of the liquid inside were well-executed. Although a Rockstar Games representative told GameSpot that the trailer included some gameplay, Digital Foundry's experts are convinced it was all cutscenes. They also suggested that the sheer size of the game and the power needed to render it are beyond the capabilities of Nintendo's Switch 2 or even Steam Deck. "I'm sorry. This is probably too big for Switch 2," said Digital Foundry's Alex Battaglia. "Everyone's going to hate me in the comments for saying that, but like, we have to be really realistic. This is some of the best real-time rendering we've ever seen. I don't expect a Steam Deck to run this. I don't really expect a ROG Ally X to run this." Mike Dailly, one of the designers for the original GTA, was also very impressed by the new GTA 6 trailer. Additionally, Dailly praised Rockstar for not rushing the game out in its current state. Grand Theft Auto 6 will hit PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X|S on May 26, 2026. A PC port of GTA 6 hasn't been announced yet, but it's likely to arrive at some point in the future.