The Andromeda Strain Limited Edition (4K Blu-ray) $30 (was $50) | Releases May 13 The classic 1971 sci-fi thriller The Andromeda Strain is still heralded as one of the most influential films (and books) in the genre. The adaptation of Michael Crichton's beloved novel blended realistic biological and medical science with fictional concepts, sci-fi visuals, and suspenseful action in new and exciting ways. You'll be able to revisit the movie next week when The Andromeda Strain Limited Edition releases on 4K Blu-ray next Tuesday, May 13. Amazon is offering a steep preorder discount that drops the price from $50 down to only $30. With Amazon's preorder price guarantee, you'll be charged the lowest price offered during the preorder window from the time you ordered and when your Blu-ray ships. So if you ordered at $50, don't worry, Amazon will account for the $20 discount when you're charged next week. The Andromeda Strain 4K Limited Edition features a new 4K restoration of the movie based on the original camera negatives and lossless original audio, with support for HDR10 and Dolby Vision. A set of bonus art cards and a slipcase are also included, along with a long list of bonus features you'll find outlined below. Directed by Robert Wise, The Andromeda Strain is based on the novel of the same name by Michael Crichton. The film follows a group of scientists who are called in to examine a government satellite that crashlands just outside a small town in New Mexico, mysteriously killing almost every citizen within minutes. The scientists discover the satellite carried a lethal extraterrestrial virus, dubbed "The Andromeda Strain," and now must find a way to contain and destroy it before it can spread. The film and novel versions are credited with establishing the "techno-thriller" subgenre of science fiction. If you're interested in reading Crichton's original novel, you can grab a paperback edition for $12.49 at Amazon (was $17). A sequel written by Daniel H. Wilson, The Andromeda Evolution, was released in 2020. It was met with positive reviews by critics and readers and is considered a faithful and worthy follow-up. The Andromeda Strain was also adapted into a two-episode mini-series in 2008, produced by Ridley Scott. Unlike the 1971 film, the mini-series is a much looser adaptation of the novel. It wasn't as well received as the film, but those who are curious to see this version can grab it on DVD at Amazon or stream it via Prime Video. The company behind this new Andromeda Strain 4K Limited Edition release, Arrow Video, is also releasing several other noteworthy 4K Blu-rays, including Quinten Tarantino's Inglorious Basterds and special editions of Friday The 13th sequels Jason X and Jason Goes to Hell. Inglourious Basterds 4K Blu-ray $17.89 (was $50) Jason X 4K Limited Edition $50 | Releases May 20 Jason Goes to Hell 4K Limited Edition $50 | Releases May 20 More Gaming, Tech, and Entertainment Deals & Preorders