The solo developer behind Schedule 1 has released the drug-dealing simulator's latest patch notes. Version 0.3.5 introduces a purchasable jukebox as well as the new storage unit property. If you're hyper efficient like me, making as many of the Schedule 1 recipes as quickly as possible, you'll have encountered a lack of storage multiple times in your playthrough. You can only squeeze a finite number of shelves into your normal property, after all. The storage unit property will be located at the north end of the overpass next to the casino, and costs $5,000 to purchase from Ray's Realty. This makes it an easy get for anyone in the early few hours of the game, since it's one of the cheapest properties to own. The storage unit, called Stash and Dash, allows for one worker and one loading bay, meaning you can have important ingredients or materials delivered to it. It's a limited space, but in the early game it's got plenty of room for several grow setups, and more shelves--perfect to stash all of your Schedule 1 money on, if you so desire. Another addition is the jukebox, which you can buy for $1,500 from Bleuball's Boutique. Handily, this is right next to Ray's Realty, so you can buy both of the new features without the need for a trek across town. The jukebox adds the 19 tracks from the soundtrack, as well as eight brand-new tracks, all composed by Kaesul. In addition, developer Tyler comments in the patch notes that he's fixed some bugs around loading docks not showing at the barn or the docks warehouse, and a random $100 online balance appearing during a fresh save. Individual save files have been consolidated into larger save files to reduce the amount of time it takes to save, and to work better alongside Steam Cloud Sync. The next steps for Schedule 1 include replacing employee beds with lockers to save space, adding filters to item slots so that you can decide which items belong in which slots, and the ability to transfer employees between properties--something we've been longing for since hiring our first botanist.