Death Stranding 2: On the Beach is less than two months from its planned release date. As part of a media blast, creator Hideo Kojima was interviewed by the PlayStation Blog, revealing more details about the sequel. For instance, the upcoming game will provide players with more choice and freedom in comparison to the previous installment. Death Stranding 2: On the Beach was designed with a similar philosophy. Players familiarized themselves with the ‘delivery game’ genre with the first game, and the sequel builds on that and provides players with more choice and freedom, particularly around combat; you can go in guns blazing, or you can choose not to use weapons at all. We also made cars and motorcycles more accessible. As for the story, the predecessor was centred around Sam and Cliff. This time, the story delves deeper into who Lou is, her relationship with Sam, as well as Sam’s backstory. Kojima then talked about the choice of setting (Mexico and Australia): Mexico shares a border with the UCA (United Cities of America), so the neighboring cities had to be connected. As Sam mentions many times in the game, we were extremely mindful that building these ‘connections’ didn’t appear invasive. Sam’s journey of connecting the Americas from east to west was inspired by the American frontier. With the UCA established, we wanted the sequel to take place in a location that shared a similar geography with the Americas — stretches from east to west and borders the sea in the north and south. Eurasia is too large, and Africa didn’t really fit the bill either. Australia checked all the boxes, but the next issue we faced was how to connect the North American continent with Australia. After a lot of discussion, we decided to implement the ‘plate gate’ to connect the two continents. Today, Sony also unveiled the Death Stranding 2: On the Beach Limited Edition DualSense controller. The design was conceived in collaboration with the game developer, Kojima Productions. The controller will be available on June 26, the same day as the game. Its price is $84.99 / €84.99 / £74.99 / ¥12,480. Pre-orders will begin on May 22 at 10 AM local time via the PlayStation Direct website in the following countries: United States, United Kingdom, France, Germany, Austria, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg.