GTA 6 Trailer 2 is the biggest video launch of all time, Rockstar has claimed. It told The Hollywood Reporter that Trailer 2 hit 475 million views across all platforms on its first day. That’s bigger than all other movie trailer launches, including Deadpool & Wolverine’s 365 million views in its first 24 hours, and The Fantastic Four: First Steps’ 200 million. Last year’s Superman trailer launched to over 250 million views and became the most-viewed trailer in the history of both DC and Warner Bros. GTA 6 Trailer 2, however, overshadows them all. It’s worth noting that GTA 6 Trailer 1, which saw 93 million views on its first day, was released exclusively on YouTube first and became the biggest non-music video launch of all time on the platform. Trailer 2 is now up to 85,276,196 views on Rockstar’s official YouTube channel at the time of this article’s publication on May 8. IGN has already reported on how The Pointer Sisters’ Hot Together has seen a monumental increase in Spotify streams following its use in GTA 6 Trailer 2. Global Spotify streams for the 1986 tune shot up a staggering 182,000% in the two hours following the trailer’s premiere alone. “Grand Theft Auto cuts through popular culture like almost nothing else,” Spotify’s Global Head of Editorial Sulinna Ong said in a statement. “Music has been synonymous with the series since the very beginning, so it’s great to see fans both new and established connecting with an iconic track in this way.” GTA 6 Trailer 2 was released following the game’s high-profile delay from fall 2025 to May 26, 2026. It is expected to be the biggest entertainment launch of all time, setting revenue records not just for video games, but movies. The Hollywood Reporter noted that Rockstar is believed to have spent north of $1 billion on GTA 6’s development, so the pressure is on to deliver. But based on the interest in its trailers, GTA 6’s success is pretty much guaranteed. We’ve got plenty more on GTA 6, including all the details we’ve discovered so far, all the GTA 6 fan theories emerging from Trailer 2 itself, and comments from Rockstar itself on Trailer 2 being captured on a base PS5. Wesley is the UK News Editor for IGN. Find him on Twitter at @wyp100. You can reach Wesley at wesley_yinpoole@ign.com or confidentially at wyp100@proton.me.