Bungie hosted a showcase for Destiny 2's next expansion, Edge of Fate, which will launch July 15, 2025. The showcase focused mostly on Edge of Fate, but also announced that the next major expansion to the game, the Star Wars-inspired Renegades, will arrive on December 2, 2025, and that there will be another two expansions coming in 2026, called Shattered Cycle and The Alchemist. The showcase featured global communications lead Dyland Gafner, assistant game director Robbie Stevens, narrative director Alison Lurhs, art director Dave Samuel and Ben Wommack, the core creative director on the day-to-day experience of Destiny. There was a lot discussed over the course of the panel, with some major changes coming to Destiny 2 with the Edge of Fate. A key one that players will appreciate, is that Bungie will no longer charge for seasonal content, meaning that when you buy the latest expansion for Destiny 2, you won't have to fork out more when the season kicks off in order to get every bit of narrative content. Edge of Fate will kick off what Bungie calls The Fate Saga, which will unfold over "several years" according to Bungie, with new and old characters at the core of the story like fan-favorite Ikora. It'll center around a group called The Nine, described as celestial bodies that have been around longer than the Traveller, and represented in each of the planets (minus Pluto) and the Sun. Edge of Fate will take players to the edge of the Sol galaxy, to a planetoid called Kepler, where players will find new dark matter abilities to take advantage of. Bungie is also introducing what it calls a Metroidvania style of play with abilities like Matterspark, which allows you to transform into a rolling ball of electricity and resembles the ball that Samus herself rolls into when she's cutting through tight spaces. We also got to see some environmental puzzle gameplay that'll take advantage of Matterspark and Mattermorph, an ability that lets you manipulate the environment around you. As a narrative prologue to the Edge of Fate in July, three dungeons called Explorer, Eternity and Ultimatum have been made available today, for free, for all Destiny 2 players to check out and get their first glimpse at the larger story that'll kick off in Edge of Fate. It's clear from the showcase that Bungie is doing what it can to continue evolving Destiny 2, specifically regarding its reputation of being too obtuse and difficult to get into if you haven't already been playing for 1,000 hours. "Play your way" and "player agency" were phrases that came up consistently throughout the showcase, and are the driving force behind changes like removing paywalls to seasonal content, gear changes, and the permanent addition of a Shooting Range. The Shooting Range is a new addition to the Tower, and as the name suggests, it'll be a place where players can test out their new weapons and abilities, with damage trackers and everything you might want to really test out your new loot. Ending the presentation was our first look at the December 2025 expansion, Renegades, which Bungie confirmed is directly inspired by Star Wars, and will feature lightsabers. It was described as taking the space western vibe of Star Wars and putting it through a Destiny lens, which, at least by the look of the teaser trailer, feels like an apt description. Pre-orders for the Edge of Fate expansion are available now for players who are keen to jump into what admittedly does look like a new beginning for Destiny, now that the Light and Dark Saga has come to an end.