Mafia: The Old Country has a release date: August 8, 2025 across PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series X and S. The Hangar 13-developed gangster game also has a new trailer showcasing the combat and new stealth mechanics. We also have a handful of new screenshots showing off Mafia: The Old Country, below. The announcement comes alongside some interesting quotes from the developer and publisher, 2K. Hangar 13 President Nick Baynes described Mafia: The Old Country as a "focused, linear experience that combines quality storytelling, authentic era immersion and a refined take on the familiar Mafia gameplay." He continued: "That focus allows us to deliver a story that’s gritty, grounded, brutal and emotional. Embracing early 1900s era Sicily, this is a mafia origin story that follows our protagonist, Enzo Favara, as he takes the oath and works his way up Don Torrisi's crime family.” Tellingly, 2K President David Ismailer added: "We think there’s a large audience for compelling stories that don’t require massive time commitments. "We’re excited to offer a game like Mafia: The Old Country in our portfolio, and to provide a linear highly-polished narrative experience that can easily complement the other more persistent games our players also love and engage with on a more consistent basis.” Based on these comments, Mafia: The Old Country will be a relatively short affair. There is no multiplayer mode, so the story is the entire package. Perhaps that’s why the standard edition costs $49.99 across all platforms, and the deluxe edition costs $59.99. Here’s the breakdown, per 2K: Mafia: The Old Country will offer two editions: Standard Edition and Deluxe Edition. Both editions are available for pre-order today and will release worldwide on August 8, 2025. In December, IGN interviewed Baynes and game director Alex Cox about all things Mafia: The Old Country, and the prospect of running up against GTA 6. With GTA 6’s delay from fall 2025 to May 26, 2026, that is of course no longer a concern. In the interview, the pair dismissed comparisons to GTA 6, insisting Mafia: The Old Country shouldn’t be considered an open-world game at all. Rather, the pair insisted, Mafia: The Old Country is more like Mafia 1 and 2 than it is the open-world Mafia 3. It is a “linear, narrative-driven” game, a “focused package” that offers a “cinematic experience.” You might find yourself driving around an authentic representation of 1900s Sicily in Mafia: The Old Country, or even riding around on horseback a bit like that other Rockstar game, but the similarities to Rockstar games stop there. Wesley is the UK News Editor for IGN. Find him on Twitter at @wyp100. You can reach Wesley at wesley_yinpoole@ign.com or confidentially at wyp100@proton.me.