Price hike means 2TB Series X now more expensive in US than PS5 Pro. Xbox consoles will now be more expensive worldwide, including in the UK, mainland Europe and the US, Microsoft has confirmed. Here in Europe, Xbox Series X will cost £499.99 / €599.99 - an increase of £20 / $50. The 512GB Xbox Series S will meanwhile cost £299.99 / €349.99 - an increase of £50 / €50. If you're splashing out on the 2TB Xbox Series X model, that's up £40 or €50 to £589.99 / €699.99. In the US, Xbox Series X will cost $599.99, up a whopping $100. The 512GB Xbox Series S will meanwhile cost $379.99, up $80. The 2TB Xbox Series X is now $729.99, up $130, and now more expensive than Sony's $699 PS5 Pro. The prices of some upcoming Xbox games will rise to $80 (UK price TBA) at the end of this year, though existing games will not increase be impacted. Still, expect this fresh pricing to roll out in time for Call of Duty 2025 and whatever else Microsoft has out this Christmas. "We will adjust the pricing of some of our new first-party games starting this holiday season to $79.99," a Microsoft Q&A on the changes states. "This update will apply to physical and digital versions. That said, different games and expansions will continue to be offered at a variety of price points." The cost of certain controllers - and in the US, also headsets - will see small increases, too. The cost of Xbox Game Pass is staying the same, however. In a statement to Eurogamer, a Microsoft spokesperson acknowledged the price changes were "challenging" but claimed they were a reflection of "market conditions" and rising development costs. "As of 1st May, we have adjusted recommended retailer pricing for our consoles and controllers worldwide," a Microsoft spokesperson said. "We also expect to adjust the pricing of some of our new, first-party games starting this holiday season to $79.99. Those titles purchased on the Xbox store have the benefit of Xbox Play Anywhere, allowing players to buy once and play on console and PC at no additional cost. "We understand that these changes are challenging, and they were made with careful consideration given market conditions and the rising cost of development. Looking ahead, we continue to focus on offering more ways to play more games across any screen, and ensuring value for Xbox players." Last night, Microsoft reported a further fall in sales of its Xbox hardware during its latest quarterly financial results, and suggested it was looking to tighten its margins there. Still, revenue from Microsoft's gaming division continues to grow overall, thanks to money made primarily by money spent on Call of Duty, Minecraft and Game Pass subscriptions. Indeed, Microsoft said it was the top publisher on both Xbox and PlayStation for the quarter. The news follows a retail leak earlier today that revealed a €50 price hike for Xbox Series X/S in Europe, and months of speculation around Microsoft quitting some smaller markets worldwide.