The Art of Warhammer Video Games $50 | Releases November 4 Warhammer 40,000: Character Encyclopedia $25.19 (was $28) | Releases October 7 Warhammer 40,000: Words of War $13 | Releases October 7 Warhammer 40,000: The Ultimate Guide $23.14 (was $45) The grim, war-torn universes of Warhammer Fantasy and Warhammer 40,000 have produced numerous video game adaptations over the decades, and at long last, a new 208-page hardcover art book will give fans a deeper look into the develop of many of these titles, including Space Marine, Dawn of War, Total Warhammer, and more. The Art of Warhammer Video Games will launch on November 4, and preorders are available now. If that's not enough Warhammer reading material for you, then there's even more on the way in the form. The upcoming Warhammer 40,000: Character Encyclopedia and Warhammer 40,000: Words of War look to be excellent resources for anyone who wants to learn more about the major figures of the grimdark sci-fi universe's complex lore and mythology. Both hardcover books launch on October 7 and are available to preorder now. Priced at $50 and releasing on November 4, The Art of Warhammer Video Games covers quite a few of the recent and popular games from the numerous adaptations we've seen over the years. Notable games from both the Fantasy and 40,000 universes are included, like Dawn of War, Space Marine, Boltgun, Rogue Trader, Vermintide, Total Warhammer, and more. You can expect to see never-before-seen concept art and promo pieces here, as well as insightful commentary from the artists responsible for adapting the tabletop experience into a video game format. For something inspirational, there'll also be Warhammer 40,000: Words of Wisdom to grab and keep on you for when you need a little pick-me-up for the day ahead. A collection of powerful quotes from legendary Space Marines who fight tooth and nail to keep mankind from being overrun by the forces of Chaos, this pocket-sized 64-page book includes thoughts on the nature of fear, the meaning of bravery, and the power of brotherhood. Considering that there are decades of lore attached to Warhammer 40,000, figuring out where to start exactly can be a daunting experience. Fortunately, the upcoming Warhammer 40,000: Character Encyclopedia will give you the lowdown on the major players of this sci-fi series, as this hardcover book has entries on more than 120 characters. Covering everyone from the stalwart commanders of the Space Marines to the mysterious Phoenix Lords of the Aeldari, each entry comes with photography of the Games Workshop miniatures these heroes and villains are based on, as well as statistics and facts about these individuals. You can also score a big bargain right now on Warhammer 40,000: The Ultimate Guide. Available for $23.14 (was $45), this a very comprehensive look at the series spread across 336 pages in a hardcover format. While the character guide above is listed on specific movers and shakers in Warhammer 40,000, this encyclopedia adds extra context by examining the tabletop miniatures they're based on, the lore behind them, and more. What's really nice is that you're getting official photography as well, with the book covering factions like the Tyranids and Necons, various vehicles, and battlefields. If you play the tabletop version of Warhammer 40,000, this makes it a very nice piece of reference for when you want to paint your models as accurately as possible. Even better, this book has an added layer of authenticity as it's written by Guy Haley and Gav Thorpe, the Black Library authors who are highly regarded in the wider Warhammer 40,000 fandom. There are dozens of other great Warhammer books out there spanning decades of lore, as well as numerous video games--not to mention the original tabletop games--so if you're looking for more information on how to experience one of the biggest fictional settings out there, head over to our Warhammer 40,000 beginner guide. More Gaming, Tech, and Entertainment Deals & Preorders