Star Wars! Wolfenstein 2! More! Somehow we've made it to May already, and with the month of maypoles, mayflies, mayflowers, and mayonnaise upon us, it means there's fresh batch of Prime Gaming offerings for members to enjoy - which this time includes a smattering of Star Wars, Nazi-pummelling in Wolfenstein 2, orifice-clenching horror in Amnesia: Rebirth, and more. As is tradition, Prime Gaming's May titles arrive across four scheduled content drops, and Amazon's first batch of games is available to claim right now. It's here we get a little May the Fourth, with Star Wars Galactic Battlegrounds Saga and Lego Star Wars — The Complete Saga, both in the initial line-up. That's alongside some old-school goblin stealth in Styx: Master of Shadow and a bit of satirical stock trading simulation in The Invisible Hand. Then, as the days pass and May goes from fresh-faced to increasingly wrinkled, Prime Gaming subscribers can look forward to the likes of MachineGames' very excellent alternate history shooter Wolfenstein 2, Amplitude's stellar fantasy 4X Endless Legend (which arrives in its all-encompassing Definitive Edition form), horror maestro Frictional Games' Algeria-set Amnesia: Rebirth, and wonderfully oddball 90s internet simulator Hypnospace Outlaw. Plus, we get more dark fantasy action in Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain 2 and some classic stealth with Thief 2. You'll find the full list of May's titles (plus the digital stores they can be grabbed from) below. And we're not quite done yet. Alongside all the above, Prime Gaming subscribers in the UK, US, Canada, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Austria, the Netherlands, and Poland get access to a rotating selection of titles via Amazon's cloud gaming service, Luna. This month, these include Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order (streamable for 24 hours starting 4th May), Lego Star Wars 3 - The Clone Wars and Lego Star Wars - The Complete Saga (available until 8th May), plus Disney Planes, Death Stranding Director's Cut, Lawn Mowing Simulator: Landmark Edition, House of Golf 2, RiMS Racing, Haven, and Star Wars Pinball. That's in addition to Luna regulars Fallout New Vegas: Ultimate Edition, Fallout 3: Game of the Year Edition, Fortnite, and Trackmania.