The beloved cult-classic, Ragnarok X: Next Generation (ROX), is making its triumphant launch in the Americas, Australia, New Zealand and Western Europe on May 8th. Developed by Gravity Game Hub (GGH)--the original creators of Ragnarok Online--ROX is a free-to-play remake featuring enhanced full 3D visuals and fresh gameplay mechanics that bring the magic of the original series forward for a new generation. With pre-registrations live on PC, iOS, and Android, GameSpot is here to tell you everything you need to know about Ragnarok X: Next Generation and how it introduces the next chapter of the Ragnarok series. In Ragnarok X: Next Generation, combat is just one of many ways to enjoy the adventure. Rox is a dynamic world with a real in-game economy shaped directly by player activity. Venture into dungeons to uncover rare loot to trade, or take on life skill jobs like fishing, mining, and farming to gather resources for yourself and to sell in the market. Just like in real life, the in-game market is in constant flux, creating an immersive environment that rewards player resourcefulness and ingenuity. The major cities of ROX are also constantly evolving. Explore them solo or with friends to uncover hidden quests, secret dungeons, and limited-time events. Or kick back and relax--shop for new gear, complete your daily chores, and partake in mini-games like Battle of Arms. Whether you're tackling Midgard's challenges by yourself or teaming up with friends, ROX lets you choose your path. Going solo is a satisfying way to overcome obstacles and build something of your very own, but when you're ready to band together via cross-play, you and your adventurer buddies can clear dungeons, hunt powerful MVP bosses, and unravel the world's many mysteries. The new and improved guild system makes joining a guild or building and managing your own a simple affair. Guilds aren't just opportunities to join fellow players to find quests but also to take part in events and earn some excellent rewards, ranging from exclusive offline prizes to in-game loot. Anyone who forms or joins a guild to partake in guild events qualifies for rewards, so don't be afraid to invite your friends or make new ones within ROX’s lively community. From the moment you step into Midgard, players' destinies can branch into six professions, each with unique paths, signature abilities, and legendary gear: As you play, you'll unlock new Tiers in your chosen profession to gain even more powerful skills, plus exclusive mounts and class-specific equipment. All these elements mean that you can fine-tune your build for any challenge, whether it's PvE raids, PvP showdowns, or all-out Guild v Guild brawls. Every drop is yours to trade, and with the economy of the game driven by the player, trading your equipment, along with the bounty from your fishing, cooking, and mining activities, is very much encouraged. Whatever path you choose, be it the path of steel or the road of ingenuity, the journey is unique to you. Job classes in Ragnarok X: Next Generation have roles tailored to specific playstyles. These can be further customised by equipping different weapon types and allocating skill points to boost specific stats. Play as an archer with boosted vitality to increase your HP and stay in the fight for longer, or play as a fleet-footed acolyte with a boosted dexterity stat to evade enemy attacks while keeping the team alive with healing magic. Combat in ROX takes place in real time, with fast, responsive controls that can be fully customised on both mobile and PC. The improved auto-battle and pathfinding systems let players dynamically engage enemies using preset tactics and locate and complete quests automatically. Whether you're new to the franchise or a seasoned veteran, Ragnarok X: Next Generation delivers a fresh experience that blends nostalgia with modern, intuitive gameplay set in a charming, colourful, and vibrant world. As an award-winning free-to-play MMORPG that avoids pay-to-win mechanics, ROX is the most accessible entry in the franchise yet, giving players the freedom to forge their own journey, shape their identity, and immerse themselves in the decades-long story that started it all. Recognized by Google Play as the Best Game of the Year, Best Competitive Game, and Best Tablet Game, ROX continues to redefine the future of mobile MMORPGs. Combining nostalgic appeal with cross-platform gameplay, ROX brings an unparalleled gaming experience that redefines what players expect from an MMORPG. Join over 20 million players already online when Ragnarok X: Next Generation launches on May 8 across North America, South America, and Western Europe on PC, App Store, and Google Play.