Plain old cobblestone or regular stone are fine building blocks in Minecraft, but why not add some flair to your next project? Smooth Stone is a variation of stone that unlocks some new recipes as well as looking extremely clean and unique compared to other blocks like it. Below, you can see the whole process of acquiring Smooth Stone and what it can be used for in Minecraft. Fortunately, Smooth Stone is crafted in a similar way to regular stone. In fact, you need regular stone to make Smooth Stone. For those of you who need a refresher, you make regular stone by following this process: Using regular stone, you can follow the same process. This time, however, you need to put the regular stone in the top box and the furnace and coal will turn it into Smooth Stone. Unfortunately, this can take quite a long time, especially if you need large quantities of Smooth Stone. My best advice is to craft several Furnaces and place coal/stone in all of them. This speeds up the process tremendously and allows you to make much more of the resource. You can't make Smooth Stone in a Blast Furnace, though, so don't try and use one of those to hurry things along. You can mine Smooth Stone if you find it in the world with any pickaxe. It can also be found in chests in the Butcher's house in plains, savanna, and snowy plains villages. It can also spawn in trail ruins. Aside from being used as a building block, you can use Smooth Stone for a couple of specific recipes in Minecraft. This includes: To craft the Blast Furnace you'll need a normal furnace in the center slot of the crafting table, three Smooth Stone blocks along the bottom, and the rest should be filled with Iron Ingot. To make Smooth Stone Slabs, just add three Smooth Stone blocks to the bottom row of the crafting table. You can also add Smooth Stone to a Stone Cutter to get Smooth Stone Slabs if you prefer. Smooth Stone is required to make a Blast Furnace, but aside from that, you can simply use it as a building block for your next construction in Minecraft. If you're looking for more helpful tips, check out our Minecraft guides hub where we've got all you need to know on how to show your coordinates, how to update Minecraft, and more.