There can be something strangely unsettling about stop-motion animation, particularly the old-school stuff made before the likes of Wallace & Gromit gave the medium a softer edge. A few games over the years have tapped into that stop-motion aesthetic (last year's Harold Halibut being a good example) but the new handcrafted horror game The Midnight Walk really leans into the creepiness that sometimes accompanies the art form. The makers of The Midnight Walk, veterans of games like Fe and Lost in Random, went the extra mile, constructing actual physical models of all their characters and key props, which were then 3D scanned into the game to give everything that proper tactile look. Is The Midnight Walk a carefully-constructed horror gem? Or will you want this stop-motion adventure to just... stop? Mosey onward for the answer… The Midnight Walk casts players as a mysterious figure simply known as The Burnt One (a pair of charred arms is all you’ll ever see of yourself) who befriends a cute/creepy living lantern named Potboy and a walking house named… Housy. Together you all set off on a journey along the titular Midnight Walk to reach the top of Moon Mountain, solving various problems and keeping one step ahead of a menagerie of horrors along the way. Why exactly do you want to climb Moon Mountain? The Midnight Walk is a bit unclear about that and if you’re expecting a tightly-plotted narrative from the game, you’ll likely be disappointed. This game is mostly about vibes. That said, the game does take the FromSoftware approach of filling in various details about the world you're traversing via occasional bits of narration, audio logs, and so on. The game is split into chapters, with each location usually having some sort of dark or tragic backstory. The game manages to deliver a few surprisingly affecting moments while keeping cutscenes and dialogue to a minimum. Ultimately though, what really draws you into the world of The Midnight Walk is the game’s impressive presentation. The various beasties that Midnight Walk developer MoonHood have dreamed up hit that proper balance between charming and eerie, but perhaps the most striking thing about the game are its environments. Each chapter has its own theme of sorts, ranging from a monster-infested swamp, to a snow-blanketed haunted village, to a hand-crafted city overseen by a shambling giant, and some of the vistas within these areas are truly remarkable. The game's sumptuous visuals are elevated by excellent music that strays from the usual horror tropes, with some tracks having a classical or even jazzy feeling. This all works together to create a unique atmosphere and a persistent, but not overwhelming, sense of tension. Playing on PS5, it was sometimes hard to fully assess how well the game was running, as herky-jerky animation is an intentional part of the game’s aesthetic. There were definitely occasions when the game’s framerate seemed to be chugging a bit though. That said, this isn’t exactly a fast-twitch action game so the performance stumbles weren’t a big issue. Of course, a game can’t get by on vibes and visuals alone, so how does The Midnight Walk actually play? The game gives you a fairly limited selection of abilities – you can command Potboy to interact with various things, which typically involves him lighting stuff on fire, and you can light things up yourself with matches that are strewn fairly liberally throughout levels. These matches can even be shot from a gun you’ll eventually acquire (it’s strictly used for solving puzzles – this game never becomes an FPS). Finally, you can also close your eyes, which may provide audio clues for solving some puzzles, open up paths marked by glowing eyeballs, and freeze or destroy some enemies marked by the same glowing eyes. The Midnight Walk uses its limited mechanics in service of some fairly standard puzzles and stealth challenges. The game’s puzzles aren’t terribly complex, but provide just enough difficulty to keep your brain engaged. Stealth sections are also simple, but work well enough, at least early on. Towards the end of the game, things get a bit more complex, with players having to do things like lure enemies onto specific switches in order to progress. At times these challenges can feel a bit too fiddly for their own good. The Midnight Walk is mostly very linear, although there are times where you have to backtrack a short distance or collect a series of MacGuffns within a somewhat more open area. There’s no map to guide you during these moments, with the game instead offering glowing trails that pop up and direct you where to go. This approach is functional, but you do feel like you’re being guided by the nose. Some sort of map or more elegant solution would have been welcome. Really, The Midnight Walk feels the best when it’s at its least “game-y.” When you’re simply exploring and experiencing this haunting world. The stricter stealth sections, while generally okay, and sometimes even good, don’t stand out as unique in the same way the game’s world does. It should also be mentioned that The Midnight Walk can be played in VR, and I suspect it will work quite well as a VR experience (I only played the game the standard way on a TV). That said, I could also see some of the more fiddly moments I mentioned previously being a bit frustrating in VR. The Midnight Walk isn’t necessarily cheap for an indie, coming in at $40, but it provides a decent workout with its story taking around 5 or 6 hours to complete. Meanwhile, alternate endings and a variety of collectibles may give you a reason to tackle the game again. I thought this walk felt substantial enough, but your mileage may vary. This review was based on a copy of The Midnight Walk provided by publisher Fast Travel Games. The Midnight Walk is a real eye-catcher, offering one of the most distinctive and visually-arresting worlds yet seen in a horror game. As with most good walks, the experience is often best in its quieter moments, as the game’s puzzles and stealth sections range from good to sometimes merely adequate. That said, The Midnight Walk never strays too far off path and those in the mood for something spooky ought to enjoy the journey.