Bravely Default: Flying Fairy HD Remaster $40 | Releases June 5 Bravely Default: Flying Fairy HD Remaster was one of the few Nintendo Switch 2 launch games that wasn't available to buy when Switch 2 console preorders opened in April. Listings for the upcoming turn-based RPG from Square Enix have been featured on retailer websites for about a month now, but preorders only just started popping up on May 6. If you're interested in picking up the Switch 2's most affordable launch game with a physical edition--it's only $40--you can preorder Bravely Default HD Remaster ahead of its June 5 release. Bravely Default originally released as a Nintendo 3DS exclusive in Japan in 2012. An expanded edition launched the following year, and that version received an English translation in 2014. Bravely Default: Flying Fairy HD Remaster's physical edition is one of the many third-party Switch 2 games that utilizes the new Game-Key Card format. While you'll get a physical cartridge, it won't have the full game stored on it. A portion of the game file will need to be downloaded before you can play. You can preorder Bravely Default: Flying Fairy HD Remaster at Walmart, Best Buy, and GameStop. Preorders will likely open soon at Target. Along with the high-definition graphical overhaul, the remaster adds a new fast-forward option for events, two all-new minigames, and more. Since the original 3DS version used a dual-screen interface, the game's presentation and menu systems have been overhauled to fit on the Switch 2's single screen. The HD remaster also retains popular features, such as adjustable battle speeds and enemy encounter rates. Since its original release on 3DS, Bravely Default has received two sequels: Bravely Second: End Layer for 3DS and Bravely Default II for Nintendo Switch. Fans of the series can also add official art books for all three games to their shelves. The Art of Bravely Default II was just published by Dark Horse Books in April, but you can already save 20% on the 300-plus page hardcover edition. The Art of Bravely Default II: 201X-2021 $40 (was $50) Bravely Default: Flying Fairy HD Remaster is just one of many Switch 2 games available to preorder. There are other big launch titles like Mario Kart World and the Switch 2 Editions of Breath of the Wild and Tears of the Kingdom. You can also secure your copies of games launching shortly after the Switch 2, such as Donkey Kong Bananza, Super Mario Party Jamboree + Jamboree TV Switch 2 Edition, and more. For more upcoming Switch 2 products, check out our roundup of all of the Nintendo Switch 2 games you can preorder now. We also have roundups of all of the first-party Nintendo Switch 2 accessories as well as the third-party accessories you can buy at Amazon. More Gaming, Tech, and Entertainment Deals & Preorders