Your comment has not been saved I believe this counts, as it's definitely inspired by Lovecraft... Eternal Darkness for the GameCube. The entire sanity system and how it messes with the player is such a fun system to play around with to see all the crazy things they've come up with. Lots of other reasons in all honesty, but that aspect alone has wrapped it's tentacles around my skull and hasn't let go! There really is only one above all, Bloodborne. It wasn't even marketed as being lovecraftian but people DISCOVERED that it was, which is on brand with the mythos of "The hidden horror". It's an impressive entry in the stellar FromSoftware lineup and the Cthulhu references i.e. the enemies, were genuinely creepy, scary and uncanny and it's my pick for the best. It's not really my favorite genre, but I did get pretty deep into Dredge for a while. I thought it was a unique blend of an actual fishing game and lovecraftian horror. Bloodborne is the go to game most say and I'll have to agree. Still an amazing game that could be released now and do well. Darkest Dungeon! Very fun game with beautiful artwork. Doesn’t rush you but the game is very unforgiving and unforgettable! My dreams are haunted by Bloodborne's gothic nightmares, eldritch beasts, and visceral combat in the most wonderful way! If we are talking any game medium, then it would have to be Eldritch Horror! But, Frogware's The Sinking City did a very good job at capturing the Lovecraftian Horror, eerieness, and squishiness. I really like The Sinking City by Frogwares! They nail the atmosphere and love the story it tells with interesting gameplay in my opinion. Forgive Me, Father series. Dredge is definitely my favorite. I love the mechanics, the UI, and the story is so good and spooky but it isn’t *too* much. Such a lovely game! My favorite would probably be Darkwood, mostly for it's sense of mystery, art style, and all around disquieting atmosphere. The sense of urgency at times in the gameplay can be either a good or a bad thing depending on how you see it, but the payoff is worth the time of making mistakes. Amnesia, because it's an influential classic of the genre, but also because it's the only game I've played that could be considered Lovecraftian (Common Fromsoft, release Bloodborne on PC!!) Alone in the dark (original) atmosphere ambience ahead of its time. Nothing else like it at the time. Ground breaking Given all of the avaliable games released over the years, i would have to say that the best would be Bloodbourne. The gameplay and story were simply spectacular Eternal darkness would be my first choice but recently I fell in love with Dredge. The low key dread that permeates that game coupled with my own fear of the ocean hit me hard. The author has inspired so much but i think my favorite has to be Dredge. I love dark settings that transport you to another unknown, and you can tell the creatures are influenced by his work. Amnesia: The Dark Descent. The game encouraged you not to run away from (and not even fully look at) at the monsters chasing you, fully capturing the fear Lovecraft pioneered: Fear of the unknown. My Favorite Was Call Of Cthulhu I Know I Might Be Late Hut It's Just The Best Game In My Opinion And I Recommend it to Anyone Who Has Not Played The Game Before The best Lovecraft game remains Call of Cthulhu, Dark Corners of the Earth, because it faithfully adapts both the plot and the spirit of the Shadow Over Innsmouth, works in numerous Lovecraft references like the Yithians and the MiGo and does the best job of simulating madness. Also, it's a brutally tough game with appropriately dark endings. I love that how well you do is the only way to unlock the "true" ending. <3 The Shore is my top 1 best horror game of all time it has all of the Lovecraft’s eerie atmosphere, cosmic horror weird freaky visuals i grew up reading since i was 15 and the game is honestly everything I would have wanted out of a lovecraftian game My favorite lovecraftian game is definitely Bloodborne. The combat and setting are unmatched! Fallout 4, shows what our race is capable of, good and bad. Bloodborne!! - If not directly related to Lovecraft it's close enough in subject matter and such that it very much should be! It's a fantastic game that deserves all the love it gets. Can play this game over and over! Darkest Dungeon is probably my favorite! I love the art style, the dark fantasy, and it reminds me of Dark Souls! Loved that game too! Amnesia: The Dark Descent because it is the only Lovecraftian game that I own. Bloodborne & The Secret World (I have weirdly fond memories of this game and always felt it was Lovecraftian?!) and have always picked up any game that has any sort of Cthulhian like creature! Can't wait! Get into the discussion with Game Rant’s video game threads. I've always loved Star Wars: The Force Unleashed, mainly because it was the first game I played that incorporated ragdoll physics. I've been quite a prolific collector of physical Switch games, but I may limit myself in that regard this time. With digital titles often being cheaper, the convenience of no cartridge-swapping and the increased storage capacity of the new system, it might be the way to go. Happy Star Wars Day! No better time than now to start watching the films all over again. My personal fave is Attack of the Clones, all the OGs and eps 1-3 were all pretty stellar! What's your top pick? I've not gotten around to playing it myself, but Schedule 1 has certainly got a lot of attention. What's everyone liking about it? Is it the gameplay, story, or is it partly because it's a bit...edgy(?) in its theme? The graphics certainly aren't state of the art, but I dig it. Ever since Story Quests were added to Fortnite, they worked just like any other quest; you would check out the title and follow the instructions. When you completed the quest, you'd move on to the next stage until you'd gone through them all. However, Epic Games changed it up a bit for Galactic Battle, the Star Wars season. Now, players have to explore the map and discover Story Quests for themselves. Once they unlock a quest, it'll be added to their list of quests in progress, allowing them to work on several Story Quests simultaneously. This incentivizes map exploration, and since quests aren't as linear, gamers have a lot more freedom when it comes to picking their next objective. We all have that one game, the one that deserved more love, a proper follow up, or just left us wanting one more ride. Maybe it ended on a cliffhanger. Maybe it was ahead of its time. Or maybe the devs just never came back to it and it’s been haunting your gamer soul ever since. Whether it’s a cult classic, a forgotten gem, or a major franchise that’s long overdue for a proper return, drop the title you would greenlight without hesitation if you had the power. For me? Star Wars Republic Commando 2. The squad based gameplay was ahead of its time, and there’s so much untapped story potential left from the first game’s ending. I would greenlight that in a heartbeat. Let’s hear it, what’s your instant yes? It's naturally disappointing to hear that we've got another full year to go before we can get our hands on GTA 6, considering how long it's already been, but I'm sure the wait will well and truly be worth it. As long as the final product is as polished and complete as I'm expecting it to be, then so be it. I will be having a small tantrum about it, though 😂 With Star Wars Day coming up, I might finally sink my teeth into Jedi: Survivor. In saying that, it's really hard to divert my attention from Clair Obscur and Oblivion at the moment! I know what I won't be playing this weekend or anytime soon...GTA 6 😫 I thought this would be an obvious pick for me at first, but it was a gruelling decision. I think if I really had to, I'd keep Brooklyn 99, watch The Office one more time, and erase Community. I would definitely regret it and miss The Office dearly, but I don't think I'd ever tire of B99 I remember playing the original GTA on PS1! The top-down view and the very rectangular vehicles...ah, the nostalgia. The franchise has certainly come a long way since then! I didn't get to play the original, so this is my first time with Oblivion. What's with all the chatter about horse armor? Am I missing something? It's still very early days, so it's hard to say if it'll be in the running, but if it proves to be a standout for this year's releases, should Oblivion be a GOTY contender? I can already see similar discussion happening around the community like there was when Shadow of the Erdtree was nominated. I think it's time for a DLC/Remaster award category. I'd rather see a new release win GOTY, but some of these remakes and remasters have been absolutely stellar and deserve recognition of their own. Now that I've had some time to get deep into Monster Hunter Wilds, I've been thinking a lot about some neat gameplay changes that I would love to hopefully see one day. Whether it's a spinoff or a sort of side entry like MH Rise, I think having some futuristic/sci-fi elements to the world would be a cool twist. I imagine the monsters being controlled by an evil scientist who equips the creatures, against their will, with high-tech machinery. And then hunters equip themselves with gadgets and tools like jetpacks, flamethrowers, and plasma guns to combat the all-powerful beasts...Ok, maybe I'm just describing Exoprimal... With Link and Villager in Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, and considering the fact that Mario Kart World's roster is already gigantic, there's definitely scope to expand things further. Heck, we might even see Pikachu and some other Pokemon driving karts. If 'Cow' can make it in, why not? Critical Role's upcoming TTRPG Daggerheart is offering an interesting blend of mechanics and a real challenge to Dungeons and Dragons. It gets a little tiresome seeing a trailer for a game you're really excited about, only to find that it either has no release date, or one that's years away. If Oblivion's success teaches us anything, it's that you don't always need a huge, lengthy build up to excite us. For me, I'd rather hear about a game once it's complete and ready to go a couple of months before its release. Give me time to look forward to it, but don't make me age twelve years waiting for it. What's an ideal wait time for you? Here's a cheat sheet on how to get every skill for RoR 2's Seeker class as quickly and easily as possible. The trailer for Stephen King's The Long Walk adaptation has finally been released, and fans applaud the change to one unrealistic feature. For a lot of FromSoft fans, it's all about the singleplayer experience (with some occasional invading and cryptic messages left for fellow players). For me, it will depend how much there is for a lone player to do. A new update for Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 brings back a highly requested feature that was previously removed from the game shortly after its release.