Your comment has not been saved The game I have enjoyed the most at the moment would be Armored Core 6 Fores of Rubicom, somply because of the scale. The most visually impressive game I have ever played is probably Meadow just because of it's originality and the way it gives life to the game with simplier things. I really enjoyed the artistic style of Nightingale. It had a beautiful environment and tons of unique creatures and buildings/objects. I've been on a survival game binge lately and some of the other games I've played seem to blend together. Nightingale really stood out. For me it's Ghost of Tsushima. Everything felt so cinematic and stunning. Cyberpunk 2077 because at max graphics looks amazing. Get into the discussion with Game Rant’s video game threads. Coming from a background in film studies, I can tell you that defining genres can get really confusing sometimes. Sometimes it's easier to get people to agree on what is in the genre than what the genre actually is. I don't know of anyone who would argue that classics like The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly (1966) are not in fact westerns. However, getting people to actually agree on what defines a western is a whole other mess. Some have tried to define it, but there are always outliers. The same is true with a lot of video game genres. Just like the western example, I don't know if anyone would argue that Fallout, Final Fantasy, Mass Effect, Scarlet Nexus, Kingdom Come Deliverance, orThe Witcher 3 are not in fact RPGs. But what exactly is an RPG? That seems to be where things are more confusing. What exactly makes an RPG an RPG? Is it character customization? The ability to level up? The ability to explore and interact with characters? A party system? It's really hard to nail down a p I've been quite a prolific collector of physical Switch games, but I may limit myself in that regard this time. With digital titles often being cheaper, the convenience of no cartridge-swapping and the increased storage capacity of the new system, it might be the way to go. Happy Star Wars Day! No better time than now to start watching the films all over again. My personal fave is Attack of the Clones, all the OGs and eps 1-3 were all pretty stellar! What's your top pick? I've not gotten around to playing it myself, but Schedule 1 has certainly got a lot of attention. What's everyone liking about it? Is it the gameplay, story, or is it partly because it's a bit...edgy(?) in its theme? The graphics certainly aren't state of the art, but I dig it. Ever since Story Quests were added to Fortnite, they worked just like any other quest; you would check out the title and follow the instructions. When you completed the quest, you'd move on to the next stage until you'd gone through them all. However, Epic Games changed it up a bit for Galactic Battle, the Star Wars season. Now, players have to explore the map and discover Story Quests for themselves. Once they unlock a quest, it'll be added to their list of quests in progress, allowing them to work on several Story Quests simultaneously. This incentivizes map exploration, and since quests aren't as linear, gamers have a lot more freedom when it comes to picking their next objective. We all have that one game, the one that deserved more love, a proper follow up, or just left us wanting one more ride. Maybe it ended on a cliffhanger. Maybe it was ahead of its time. Or maybe the devs just never came back to it and it’s been haunting your gamer soul ever since. Whether it’s a cult classic, a forgotten gem, or a major franchise that’s long overdue for a proper return, drop the title you would greenlight without hesitation if you had the power. For me? Star Wars Republic Commando 2. The squad based gameplay was ahead of its time, and there’s so much untapped story potential left from the first game’s ending. I would greenlight that in a heartbeat. Let’s hear it, what’s your instant yes? It's naturally disappointing to hear that we've got another full year to go before we can get our hands on GTA 6, considering how long it's already been, but I'm sure the wait will well and truly be worth it. As long as the final product is as polished and complete as I'm expecting it to be, then so be it. I will be having a small tantrum about it, though 😂 With Star Wars Day coming up, I might finally sink my teeth into Jedi: Survivor. In saying that, it's really hard to divert my attention from Clair Obscur and Oblivion at the moment! I know what I won't be playing this weekend or anytime soon...GTA 6 😫 I thought this would be an obvious pick for me at first, but it was a gruelling decision. I think if I really had to, I'd keep Brooklyn 99, watch The Office one more time, and erase Community. I would definitely regret it and miss The Office dearly, but I don't think I'd ever tire of B99 I remember playing the original GTA on PS1! The top-down view and the very rectangular vehicles...ah, the nostalgia. The franchise has certainly come a long way since then! I didn't get to play the original, so this is my first time with Oblivion. What's with all the chatter about horse armor? Am I missing something? It's still very early days, so it's hard to say if it'll be in the running, but if it proves to be a standout for this year's releases, should Oblivion be a GOTY contender? I can already see similar discussion happening around the community like there was when Shadow of the Erdtree was nominated. I think it's time for a DLC/Remaster award category. I'd rather see a new release win GOTY, but some of these remakes and remasters have been absolutely stellar and deserve recognition of their own. Now that I've had some time to get deep into Monster Hunter Wilds, I've been thinking a lot about some neat gameplay changes that I would love to hopefully see one day. Whether it's a spinoff or a sort of side entry like MH Rise, I think having some futuristic/sci-fi elements to the world would be a cool twist. I imagine the monsters being controlled by an evil scientist who equips the creatures, against their will, with high-tech machinery. And then hunters equip themselves with gadgets and tools like jetpacks, flamethrowers, and plasma guns to combat the all-powerful beasts...Ok, maybe I'm just describing Exoprimal... With Link and Villager in Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, and considering the fact that Mario Kart World's roster is already gigantic, there's definitely scope to expand things further. Heck, we might even see Pikachu and some other Pokemon driving karts. If 'Cow' can make it in, why not? Donkey Kong Bananza's take on Donkey Kong has been controversial for some fans, and a different lead could have resolved this. I tried, but it still sounded too technical and jargon-y. I need layman's terms. The Rocket Ram and the Business Turret were two great items back in Chapter 4 Season 4, because it was heist-themed. Heists are also a big part of Chapter 6 Season 2, so while it's great that we finally have these items as part of the available arsenal, it would've been good to have them around from the start, especially the Business Turret. The Rocket Ram is nice to have around in terms of mobility, but since there are no cracked walls this season, it isn't as useful as it was before. The Business Turret, on the other hand, makes it much easier to deal with grunts while trying to crack open a vault door. This guide will help players find every weapon, Pictos, and item that is scattered across the Sirene map in Clair Obscur: Expedition 33. These creative open-world games are great for adaptive players who crave dynamic challenges and rewarding creative solutions. I lost track of the hours I'd put into GTA when I was younger, just punching in cheat codes, so I could go absolutely berserk in an army tank or drive my car over the water. It would be awesome to see more single-player games use that (on consoles, I know mods exist). Any games you think would be fun with cheat codes?