The Oblivion Remastered unofficial anti-stutter fixes that can be downloaded online don't bring any significant improvement, a recent analysis highlighted. In the latest episode of their weekly podcast, the tech experts at Digital Foundry took a good look at some of the mods available for the remaster of the fourth entry in the series by Bethesda, starting with the Oblivion BSA Uncompressor. The mod, which showed promise because it eliminated a CPU task, was developed for the original Oblivion, but it also works in the remaster, as it ships with the original Oblivion assets. The installation procedure isn't very simple, requiring the user to manually uncompress files as well, but the efforts should be worth it, as it's been claimed it does improve performance. However, all the effort required to install this mod isn't really worth it for Oblivion Remastered. In their test, Digital Foundry highlighted how, while there's a minimal variance at the beginning of a session, the differences eventually become equal. The difference between the five-minute-long benchmark runs set around the Imperial City was less than 2%, and it doesn't eliminate the issue, as it doesn't address the variance that makes the experience feel choppy. Besides checking out if the Oblivion BSA Uncompressor indeed solves stuttering issues in Oblivion Remastered, the tech experts also looked at the many engine configuration tweaked files that are usually shared after an Unreal Engine game launches. Looking at the most popular tweaked engine configuration file available from Nexus Mods, the tech experts highlighted how many of the changes don't actually mean anything for a shipped game, such as turning off logging, and how the tweaked file effectly does nothing for performance. With Oblivion Remastered unofficial anti-stutter fixes not really doing anything, it will be up to Virtuos to fix the game's performance, which is one of the biggest issues of the remaster. You can learn more about the game by checking out my review.