Bringing back the striking esthetics of its predecessor while introducing fresh gameplay mechanics, Lost in Random: The Eternal Die also brings an unexpected twist with its sound design and musical score, much of which features real-world audio recordings and a unique progression system. Currently slated for launch on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series X|S, players can get an early insight into the creative development of Lost in Random: The Eternal Die ahead of its summer release. Building on the commercial and critical success of the first Lost in Random game, Lost in Random: The Eternal Die will once again showcase stunning stop-motion-esque visuals while making a major shift from action-adventure to roguelite. Wanting to highlight the increased intensity of roguelite gameplay and magical combat, the game's audio designer and composer decided to incorporate both real-world sounds and an increasingly dramatic score to draw players even further into the world of Lost in Random: The Eternal Die. There are some great games already out that players can test before jumping into the fun and chance-based combat featured in Lost in Random. Sound designer and composer Ola Backstrom-berg exclusively revealed to Game Rant the behind-the-scenes process of developing the in-game audio and music soundtrack for Lost in Random: The Eternal Die. Similar to the original game, Lost in Random: The Eternal Die will also focus on a blend of darkness and whimsy, with a touch of "cartoonish" charm, utilizing music to create an immersive atmosphere for players. To achieve this, Backstrom-berg went out to real-world locations to record sounds like glass and metal breaking in an abandoned lumberyard and used that audio to add stronger impact to the in-game sound effects of environmental destruction. The music features both ambient tracks for exploration segments and action-heavy tracks for the combat in Lost in Random: The Eternal Die. Backstrom-berg notes that as the player progresses, so too does the music, growing more intense the further into the game fans go. In addition to working on the audio design and instrumental soundtrack, Backstrom-berg contributed voice work, providing the sounds for Fortune, the die-companion in Lost in Random: The Eternal Die, and vocal performance for the game's credit song. Backstrom-berg shared a particular fondness for this track, as it is the first to feature his own vocals, alongside the voice talents of his wife. He highlighted the immense creative freedom granted to him by the studio as a key point of his enjoyment of the project and hopes that fans will have as much fun with the game as he did when Lost in Random: The Eternal Die launches in Summer 2025. With a realistic audio design, powerful music score, and surprising new protagonist in Lost in Random: The Eternal Die, fans have plenty to look forward to with both the return of familiar elements and a slew of first-time additions. Interested players can stay tuned for more updates on Lost in Random: The Eternal Die ahead of its launch across PC and consoles. Your comment has not been saved We want to hear from you! Share your opinions in the thread below and remember to keep it respectful. Your comment has not been saved This thread is open for discussion. Be the first to post your thoughts. A rare, fan-favorite cosmetic item is set to return to Fortnite after multiple years as part of the game's upcoming relaunch on Apple's iOS. Nobara's treatment in Jujutsu Kaisen was one of the biggest disappointments of the series. Here's why it's a tragedy. Hades 2 is set to be a Nintendo console launch exclusive, but questions arise about what other systems it will eventually arrive on. Star Wars Zero Company takes place during the Clone Wars and is bound to include some unique cameos who work with or against the squad. Here's a quick guide on how to get all of CHEF's abilities so you can start cooking harder in Risk of Rain 2. The Epic Game Store announces the return of its mystery game promotion for May 2025, while also offering users two other free titles in the meantime. A day one co-op game confirms that it is coming to the Xbox Game Pass subscription service on May 29.